in a standard plot 	UNK
the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended . 	UNK
been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit 	UNK
b movies 	UNK
to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style 	UNK
from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 	UNK
draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent 	UNK
be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 	UNK
for pretentious arts majors 	UNK
see a movie with its heart 	UNK
reek of a script 	UNK
bottom tier 	UNK
delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them 	UNK
an admirable reconstruction of terrible events 	UNK
's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director 	UNK
as john ritter 's glory days 	UNK
fights a good fight 	UNK
is god 	UNK
floating narrative 	UNK
stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy 	UNK
a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	UNK
of this dog of a movie 	UNK
too bad kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up . 	UNK
plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story . 	UNK
yet depressing film 	UNK
does pack some serious suspense . 	UNK
descends into such message-mongering moralism 	UNK
gripping humanity 	UNK
fall fast asleep 	UNK
virtually no aftertaste 	UNK
inane and unimaginative 	UNK
's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , 	UNK
bound 	UNK
self-absorbed 	UNK
see the forest for the trees 	UNK
's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good 	UNK
intolerable company 	UNK
talky , artificial and opaque 	UNK
for one splendidly cast pair 	UNK
underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images 	UNK
falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice . 	UNK
convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons 	UNK
are ... impeccable throughout . 	UNK
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs 	UNK
horror/action hybrid 	UNK
of the finest films of the year 	UNK
lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject . 	UNK
that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch 	UNK
director paul cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing nijinsky 's diaries is both stimulating and demanding . 	UNK
is too long with too little going on 	UNK
much needed 	UNK
jones and snipes are enthralling 	UNK
that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out 	UNK
participation 	UNK
you can smell the grease on the plot 	UNK
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and 	UNK
human impulses that grew hideously twisted 	UNK
still fun and enjoyable 	UNK
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged 	UNK
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , 	UNK
often overwritten 	UNK
to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies 	UNK
nearly impossible 	UNK
down-to-earth bullock 	UNK
is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism . 	UNK
proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film 	UNK
one-hour mark 	UNK
the first bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun 	UNK
not constant bloodshed 	UNK
offers no new insight on the matter 	UNK
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored 	UNK
overwhelmingly 	UNK
spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick 	UNK
tastelessness and gall 	UNK
bad action-movie line 	UNK
grows 	UNK
as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple 	UNK
contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive 	UNK
the film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way 	UNK
any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly 	UNK
caliber 	UNK
balanced film 	UNK
of run-of-the-mill profanity 	UNK
feel like three hours . 	UNK
excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone 	UNK
is built on a potentially interesting idea 	UNK
is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be 	UNK
laughably 	UNK
been kind enough to share it 	UNK
of bland hotels , highways , parking lots 	UNK
with a large dose of painkillers 	UNK
liked a lot of the smaller scenes 	UNK
wastes 	UNK
continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision . 	UNK
, mind-numbingly , indescribably bad 	UNK
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , 	UNK
a river of sadness that pours into every frame 	UNK
menacing 	UNK
incessantly 	UNK
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man does to the experiences of most teenagers . 	UNK
that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch 	UNK
at existing photos 	UNK
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , 	UNK
as funny nor 	UNK
gangs excels in spectacle and pacing . 	UNK
we want the funk - and this movie 's got it 	UNK
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries . 	UNK
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable . 	UNK
lacks balance 	UNK
hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild 	UNK
revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored . 	UNK
tv 	UNK
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance . 	UNK
demonstrating vividly 	UNK
it 's sweet and fluffy at the time , 	UNK
marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . 	UNK
a powerful , inflammatory film 	UNK
favor of tradition and warmth 	UNK
begins on a high note and 	UNK
has much to recommend it 	UNK
a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition 	UNK
a simple tale 	UNK
despicable characters 	UNK
` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' . 	UNK
, director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours . 	UNK
this amiable picture 	UNK
that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions 	UNK
a markedly inactive film 	UNK
saves this deeply affecting film 	UNK
cold , nervy and memorable 	UNK
exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise 	UNK
the gratuitous cinematic distractions 	UNK
manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it . 	UNK
the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic 	UNK
insanely hilarious 	UNK
does n't work because there is no foundation for it 	UNK
surprise us 	UNK
relative modesty 	UNK
coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker 	UNK
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies . 	UNK
, if good-hearted , movie . 	UNK
makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly . 	UNK
inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material 	UNK
no pastry is violated 	UNK
is very difficult 	UNK
i 'll buy the soundtrack . 	UNK
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic 	UNK
is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical 	UNK
to the genre and another first-rate performance 	UNK
an adventurous young talent 	UNK
predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol 	UNK
intricate plot 	UNK
, this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian . 	UNK
to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	UNK
will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo 	UNK
as i laughed throughout the movie 	UNK
impossibly contrived situations 	UNK
fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals 	UNK
a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor 	UNK
is the best ` old neighborhood ' project 	UNK
others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere . 	UNK
make italian for beginners worth the journey 	UNK
most good-hearted 	UNK
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france 	UNK
a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country . 	UNK
poignant and funny 	UNK
thanks to a small star with big heart 	UNK
impersonal and abstract 	UNK
it 's a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film . 	UNK
-- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline 	UNK
if you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice . 	UNK
it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche . 	UNK
the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations . 	UNK
too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe 	UNK
accents so good 	UNK
a classy , sprightly spin on film 	UNK
an original 	UNK
a thing that already knows it 's won 	UNK
as punching bags 	UNK
nothing to sneeze at these days 	UNK
ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona 	UNK
good-natured 	UNK
star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life 	UNK
's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen 	UNK
brought to life on the big screen 	UNK
an entertaining movie 	UNK
is a very funny , heartwarming film . 	UNK
more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks 	UNK
encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed . 	UNK
that gets under your skin 	UNK
be half as entertaining as it is 	UNK
turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end 	UNK
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling . 	UNK
a rollicking adventure for you 	UNK
that even its target audience talked all the way through it 	UNK
prickly indie comedy 	UNK
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course 	UNK
ethics 	UNK
that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film 	UNK
other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time 	UNK
and crude film 	UNK
could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions . 	UNK
with real world events 	UNK
it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound . 	UNK
mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness . 	UNK
sanctimonious , self-righteous and 	UNK
it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas 	UNK
acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable 	UNK
one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original 	UNK
the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids . 	UNK
is why anybody picked it up . 	UNK
vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , metropolis is a feast for the eyes . 	UNK
like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok 	UNK
seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick 	UNK
that takes itself all too seriously 	UNK
with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast 	UNK
has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out . 	UNK
even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel 	UNK
through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people 	UNK
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came . 	UNK
's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre 	UNK
the piano teacher is not an easy film . 	UNK
manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar 	UNK
daft by half ... but supremely good natured 	UNK
much power 	UNK
of carnage 	UNK
this picture 	UNK
increasingly diverse french director 	UNK
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious 	UNK
features nonsensical and laughable plotting 	UNK
served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick 	UNK
's plenty to offend everyone 	UNK
reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans 	UNK
save their children 	UNK
that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways 	UNK
surprisingly touching 	UNK
come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy 	UNK
worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz 	UNK
's one of the worst of the entire franchise . 	UNK
, the rest of us will be lulled into a coma . 	UNK
an obvious rapport with her actors 	UNK
a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone . 	UNK
existential exploration 	UNK
road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire 	UNK
commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute 	UNK
may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking 	UNK
inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone 	UNK
both shrill and soporific , and because everything 	UNK
sinister 	UNK
than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds 	UNK
aground 	UNK
amazing 	UNK
have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize 	UNK
for that comes through all too painfully in the execution 	UNK
open-ended questions 	UNK
like brosnan 's performance 	UNK
counting a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget 	UNK
sense is a movie that deserves recommendation 	UNK
the road 	UNK
phrase ` life affirming ' 	UNK
an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe 	UNK
little more than a well-mounted history lesson . 	UNK
to the film 's music 	UNK
and dog lovers 	UNK
moving tale 	UNK
no surprises 	UNK
crawls along 	UNK
sure mainstream audiences will be baffled 	UNK
begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is . 	UNK
oddly humorous to tediously sentimental 	UNK
grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration . 	UNK
lonely 	UNK
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent 	UNK
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but 	UNK
has been 	UNK
, cry and realize , 	UNK
does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds . 	UNK
told well by a master 	UNK
from a ploddingly melodramatic structure 	UNK
a show forged in still-raw emotions 	UNK
to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject 	UNK
of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original 	UNK
captivates 	UNK
much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad . 	UNK
drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other 	UNK
you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines 	UNK
the filling 	UNK
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but 	UNK
angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy 	UNK
queasy-stomached 	UNK
the ` ick ' in ` classic 	UNK
very choppy and monosyllabic 	UNK
psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , 	UNK
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur 	UNK
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and 	UNK
welcome with audiences 	UNK
everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend . 	UNK
the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances 	UNK
startling story 	UNK
do with imagination 	UNK
rage 	UNK
dumplings 	UNK
more interesting -- and , dare i say , 	UNK
exactly assured in its execution 	UNK
'll keep watching the skies for his next project 	UNK
as tiresome as 9 	UNK
plot , characters , 	UNK
does not work 	UNK
that prevents them from firing on all cylinders 	UNK
seem self-consciously poetic and 	UNK
back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research . 	UNK
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy 	UNK
authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment 	UNK
satisfying 	UNK
revolutionary spirit 	UNK
a crowd-pleaser , but then , 	UNK
anemic , 	UNK
a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place 	UNK
spielberg 's first real masterpiece 	UNK
the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness 	UNK
the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution 	UNK
is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama . 	UNK
while peppering the pages with memorable zingers 	UNK
falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries . 	UNK
, truths emerge . 	UNK
those words 	UNK
the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life . 	UNK
by cliches , painful improbability and murky points 	UNK
generous , inspiring film 	UNK
tossed off 	UNK
this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism 	UNK
of more appealing holiday-season product 	UNK
sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special 	UNK
a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle 	UNK
like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place 	UNK
dialogue and sharp 	UNK
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny . 	UNK
graduated 	UNK
nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible 	UNK
enriched 	UNK
to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time 	UNK
a pretty decent kid-pleasing 	UNK
unrecoverable 	UNK
that manages to invest real humor 	UNK
articulate , grown-up voice 	UNK
commercialism all in the same movie 	UNK
nifty 	UNK
's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter . 	UNK
a thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions . 	UNK
some delightful work on indie projects 	UNK
making up for any flaws that come later 	UNK
terrific effort 	UNK
the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid 	UNK
xmas 	UNK
, it does give exposure to some talented performers 	UNK
a cheap scam 	UNK
once one experiences mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else . 	UNK
does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift . 	UNK
falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer 	UNK
paints a grand picture of an era and 	UNK
of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games 	UNK
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- 	UNK
it is a likable story , told with competence . 	UNK
originality is sorely lacking . 	UNK
especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget 	UNK
the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down . 	UNK
balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply 	UNK
along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes 	UNK
no-nonsense authority 	UNK
idiocy 	UNK
moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots 	UNK
, visually graceful 	UNK
sappiness 	UNK
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came 	UNK
loose 	UNK
looking and stylish 	UNK
the three leads produce adequate performances , but 	UNK
drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst 	UNK
a beautiful film to watch 	UNK
writer-director david jacobson 	UNK
's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand 	UNK
neither romantic nor comedic 	UNK
the movie dawdle 	UNK
with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs 	UNK
good-natured and sometimes quite funny 	UNK
a complete waste of time 	UNK
largely devoid 	UNK
to cheesier to cheesiest 	UNK
piece , a model of menacing atmosphere 	UNK
of last summer 's bloated effects 	UNK
a low-budget series on a uhf channel 	UNK
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time . 	UNK
proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast 	UNK
use a few good laughs 	UNK
someone made off with your wallet 	UNK
's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas . 	UNK
dodge this one 	UNK
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers ' oeuvre 	UNK
played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it . 	UNK
this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal . 	UNK
benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness 	UNK
in its sparkling beauty 	UNK
`` brown sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film . 	UNK
features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film . 	UNK
( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence 	UNK
lively 	UNK
it seem fresh again 	UNK
tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet 	UNK
good guys and 	UNK
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and 	UNK
the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny 	UNK
clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors . 	UNK
cannibal lust above the ordinary 	UNK
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it 	UNK
will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking . 	UNK
feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way 	UNK
spectacularly 	UNK
construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest 	UNK
conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt 	UNK
to break the tedium 	UNK
the ridiculousness 	UNK
well-done film 	UNK
's not that funny 	UNK
inhuman cinematic punishment 	UNK
of its epic scope 	UNK
pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy 	UNK
of heartfelt performances 	UNK
fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema 	UNK
poetic road movie 	UNK
play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen 	UNK
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and cq shimmers with it . 	UNK
you 've figured out late marriage 	UNK
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace . 	UNK
teddy bears ' picnic ranks 	UNK
dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated 	UNK
right place 	UNK
oddly sweet 	UNK
a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story 	UNK
pacino and williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film . 	UNK
so second-rate 	UNK
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they 	UNK
a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay 	UNK
engaging characters 	UNK
, twisted , brilliant and macabre 	UNK
a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse 	UNK
tootsie knockoff . 	UNK
need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 . 	UNK
britney spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction . 	UNK
unfortunately , that 's precisely what arthur dong 's family fundamentals does . 	UNK
than what 's been cobbled together onscreen 	UNK
deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen 	UNK
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind 	UNK
expresses our most basic emotions 	UNK
for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . 	UNK
huge gap 	UNK
a very moving and revelatory footnote 	UNK
a non-mystery mystery . 	UNK
fascinating -- and timely -- content 	UNK
loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time 	UNK
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist 	UNK
gut-clutching piece 	UNK
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten . 	UNK
subjugate truth 	UNK
the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera 	UNK
with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look 	UNK
to remember 	UNK
is a real filmmaker 	UNK
a great film noir 	UNK
this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted 	UNK
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies 	UNK
is that it does n't make any sense 	UNK
a talky bore 	UNK
bristles with passion and energy 	UNK
a successful career 	UNK
is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism . 	UNK
as brave and challenging 	UNK
above pat inspirational status 	UNK
beautifully filmed 	UNK
moving , and adventurous 	UNK
somewhat cumbersome 	UNK
place and personal identity 	UNK
with plenty of entertainment value 	UNK
a dazzling dream of a documentary 	UNK
* corpus and its amiable jerking 	UNK
serious subject matter and dark , funny humor 	UNK
is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive 	UNK
bland murder-on-campus 	UNK
tear your eyes away 	UNK
the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes 	UNK
dickens ' words 	UNK
satisfying destination 	UNK
arguably the best script that besson has written in years . 	UNK
its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints 	UNK
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and 	UNK
fun one 	UNK
to no particularly memorable effect 	UNK
ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe 	UNK
highly predictable narrative 	UNK
translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya 	UNK
, you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down 	UNK
none-too-original 	UNK
romp that has something to say . 	UNK
zone '' episode 	UNK
a stultifyingly obvious one 	UNK
, you 'll like promises . 	UNK
it 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey . 	UNK
turntablism 	UNK
is well worth seeing 	UNK
the strain is all too evident 	UNK
unlike 	UNK
upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 	UNK
bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera 	UNK
documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 	UNK
with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period 	UNK
painful and 	UNK
dismiss -- moody 	UNK
sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role 	UNK
the fetid underbelly of fame 	UNK
, i would go back and choose to skip it . 	UNK
worked 	UNK
expected 	UNK
anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little 	UNK
of war-torn croatia 	UNK
terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english 	UNK
director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency 	UNK
humor , warmth , and 	UNK
that few will bother thinking it all through 	UNK
want my money back . 	UNK
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting 	UNK
are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable . 	UNK
that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families 	UNK
is off . 	UNK
eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee . 	UNK
incessant 	UNK
when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust , will you . 	UNK
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be 	UNK
witless and utterly pointless . 	UNK
aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes 	UNK
loose , poorly structured 	UNK
of good-natured fun found in films like tremors 	UNK
examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less 	UNK
is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party 	UNK
just does n't add up . 	UNK
a powerful and telling story 	UNK
that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays 	UNK
pomposity 	UNK
the cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story . 	UNK
a winning family story 	UNK
never catches fire 	UNK
much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors . 	UNK
missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout 	UNK
from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	UNK
the paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final ( restored ) third ... 	UNK
much fun 	UNK
in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot 	UNK
of a poetic 	UNK
the most entertaining moments here are unintentional . 	UNK
great director 	UNK
and , thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks . 	UNK
his martial artistry 	UNK
a little-remembered world 	UNK
an authentic feel 	UNK
`` sweet home alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ... 	UNK
all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability 	UNK
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions 	UNK
the smarter offerings 	UNK
as the long-faced sad sack 	UNK
all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones 	UNK
playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer 	UNK
director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell 	UNK
negativity 	UNK
does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- 	UNK
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky 's excellent music 	UNK
's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present 	UNK
steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie . 	UNK
and it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting . 	UNK
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , 	UNK
a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense 	UNK
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous 	UNK
to shine through the gloomy film noir veil 	UNK
of the year 's most enjoyable releases 	UNK
a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation . 	UNK
a delightful , if minor , pastry 	UNK
the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian 	UNK
the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable 	UNK
vulgar , sexist , racist humor 	UNK
offbeat humor 	UNK
finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort 	UNK
viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies 	UNK
in the director 's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes . 	UNK
enough to give you brain strain 	UNK
this bad 	UNK
in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise 	UNK
ca n't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops 	UNK
downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness 	UNK
a couple hours of summertime 	UNK
to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances 	UNK
pleasingly 	UNK
a complete mess 	UNK
so perfect 	UNK
's impossible to care 	UNK
cutting hollywood satire 	UNK
directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them 	UNK
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - 	UNK
terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates 	UNK
sometimes improbable story 	UNK
sitting open too long 	UNK
the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea 	UNK
a peculiar malaise 	UNK
a step further , richer and 	UNK
freshman 	UNK
welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst 	UNK
an actress 	UNK
its cheesy screenplay 	UNK
a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked 	UNK
never really busts out of its comfy little cell 	UNK
is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring 	UNK
sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings 	UNK
are tops 	UNK
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional 	UNK
create and sustain a mood 	UNK
as a real movie 	UNK
of seeing justice served 	UNK
entertaining enough , but nothing new 	UNK
leaden and 	UNK
that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned 	UNK
americans to finally revel in its splendor 	UNK
delicious pulpiness 	UNK
notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips 	UNK
it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role . 	UNK
ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride 	UNK
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document 	UNK
useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal 	UNK
is its utter sincerity 	UNK
the ticket you need 	UNK
the kind of ` laugh therapy ' 	UNK
passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics 	UNK
of his character 	UNK
enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs 	UNK
blue hilarity 	UNK
a laughable -- or rather 	UNK
but unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it is n't much fun . 	UNK
burdened by the actor 	UNK
sympathy and intelligence 	UNK
the best script 	UNK
astonishing voice cast 	UNK
an unchanged dullard 	UNK
is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role 	UNK
has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed . 	UNK
when there 's nothing else happening 	UNK
on cable 	UNK
it with ring , 	UNK
far from a groundbreaking endeavor 	UNK
that these women are spectacular 	UNK
it can seem tiresomely simpleminded . 	UNK
revelled in the entertaining shallows 	UNK
good music documentary 	UNK
wewannour money back , actually . 	UNK
makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude 	UNK
animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and 	UNK
mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete 	UNK
a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story 	UNK
can take credit for most of the movie 's success . 	UNK
still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is appealing . 	UNK
a satisfying well-made romantic comedy 	UNK
crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments 	UNK
impressive performances 	UNK
a great one 	UNK
proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing . 	UNK
of cerebral and cinemantic flair 	UNK
oodles of charm 	UNK
one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep 	UNK
in xxx , diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep . 	UNK
exactly endearing 	UNK
churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action 	UNK
constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism 	UNK
kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code 	UNK
delivers a magnetic performance . 	UNK
a sumptuous work 	UNK
are innocent , childlike and inherently funny 	UNK
're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders 	UNK
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes 	UNK
of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects 	UNK
the crap 	UNK
consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt 	UNK
sodden and glum 	UNK
frequently hilarious 	UNK
because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat 	UNK
i did n't laugh . 	UNK
glued 	UNK
it has its faults 	UNK
nice twists 	UNK
were already tired 	UNK
rooting for the film 	UNK
dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious 	UNK
refreshingly forthright one 	UNK
does somehow manage to get you under its spell 	UNK
salient points 	UNK
cruel story 	UNK
defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle . 	UNK
pretentious mess 	UNK
campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution . 	UNK
ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie 	UNK
derivative , overlong , and bombastic 	UNK
the high infidelity 	UNK
admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency 	UNK
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , 	UNK
, and yet at the end 	UNK
actually means to face your fears 	UNK
not a word of english 	UNK
well-intentioned 	UNK
wickedly sick and twisted humor 	UNK
african american professionals 	UNK
tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is 	UNK
of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right 	UNK
emotionally and narratively complex 	UNK
consider it ` perfection . ' 	UNK
, structure and rhythms 	UNK
just too silly and 	UNK
impressive and yet lacking about everything 	UNK
starving and untalented 	UNK
gets clunky on the screen 	UNK
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , and feels more like lyne 's stolid remake of `` lolita '' . 	UNK
personality 	UNK
to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun 	UNK
fails to rise above its disgusting source material 	UNK
jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 	UNK
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves 	UNK
so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks 	UNK
disappoints 	UNK
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain . 	UNK
difficult for the audience 	UNK
utterly misplaced 	UNK
a spirited film 	UNK
the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were 	UNK
awakening and ripening 	UNK
is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it 	UNK
complex 	UNK
been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 	UNK
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , 	UNK
is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors 	UNK
were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you . 	UNK
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification . 	UNK
` blade ii ' just does n't cut it 	UNK
seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings 	UNK
) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all 	UNK
soul-stirring documentary 	UNK
a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge 	UNK
uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong 	UNK
an appealing couple -- 	UNK
juwanna mann 	UNK
that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout 	UNK
an extended , open-ended poem 	UNK
and self-conscious seams 	UNK
the weird thing 	UNK
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent 	UNK
damn funny stuff 	UNK
, the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining . 	UNK
despite its visual virtuosity , ` naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it . 	UNK
so low in a poorly 	UNK
is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut 	UNK
we do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this . 	UNK
this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit . 	UNK
godfrey reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon . 	UNK
because it overstays its natural running time 	UNK
are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams 	UNK
, compelling story 	UNK
turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic . 	UNK
a finale that is impenetrable and dull 	UNK
a text to ` lick , 	UNK
like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 	UNK
introducing an intriguing and alluring premise 	UNK
charm , cultivation and devotion 	UNK
as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy 	UNK
feels like three hours 	UNK
very well-written 	UNK
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance 	UNK
very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact 	UNK
potential success 	UNK
pale xerox of other , better crime movies 	UNK
reflective and beautifully 	UNK
leaving the theater with a smile on your face 	UNK
is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . 	UNK
one baaaaaaaaad movie 	UNK
unfunny 	UNK
we get the comedy we settle for . 	UNK
hoary 	UNK
be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality , 	UNK
'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it 	UNK
, as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago . 	UNK
an american 	UNK
an unimaginative screenwriter 's 	UNK
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes 	UNK
even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking 	UNK
stylishly 	UNK
a mess as this one 	UNK
essentially ruined -- or , rather , 	UNK
a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry 	UNK
a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking 	UNK
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , 	UNK
... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional . 	UNK
the rope snaps 	UNK
the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life . 	UNK
fanciful drama 	UNK
that delivers on the promise of excitement 	UNK
deeply moving french drama 	UNK
big-hearted and 	UNK
, longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context . 	UNK
sad ending 	UNK
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances . 	UNK
adorable italian guys 	UNK
critical 	UNK
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place . 	UNK
with exquisite craftsmanship 	UNK
here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time 	UNK
tens 	UNK
maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back . 	UNK
what they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . 	UNK
... silly humbuggery ... 	UNK
may prove to be ( tsai 's ) masterpiece 	UNK
typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine 	UNK
might just be the movie you 're looking for 	UNK
an affection 	UNK
love to come from an american director in years 	UNK
most resonant film since the killer . 	UNK
works out 	UNK
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor 's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . 	UNK
the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining . 	UNK
, ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot . 	UNK
is great 	UNK
spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world . 	UNK
judging by those standards , ` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary . 	UNK
engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy 	UNK
, energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested . 	UNK
confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances 	UNK
avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style 	UNK
in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and meat loaf explodes . 	UNK
a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks . 	UNK
death , especially 	UNK
by the dynamic first act 	UNK
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level 	UNK
too daft by half ... but supremely good natured . 	UNK
the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this 	UNK
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that . 	UNK
the film 's plot may be shallow 	UNK
rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment . 	UNK
` epic 	UNK
easy to like 	UNK
steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture . 	UNK
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work 	UNK
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , 	UNK
a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather 	UNK
`` frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! '' 	UNK
are uncomfortably strained . 	UNK
make the film more silly than scary , 	UNK
what makes it worth watching 	UNK
has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them . 	UNK
huge disappointment coming 	UNK
deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride 	UNK
the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter . 	UNK
that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here 	UNK
you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . ' 	UNK
wonderful , imaginative script 	UNK
entirely witless 	UNK
is akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material 	UNK
fun or 	UNK
ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon 	UNK
shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , 	UNK
unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller 	UNK
a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been 	UNK
obscenity 	UNK
stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies 	UNK
can be viewed as pure composition and form -- 	UNK
look at that clever angle ! 	UNK
of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes 	UNK
the surprisingly somber conclusion 	UNK
not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick . 	UNK
tepid 	UNK
's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers . 	UNK
the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates 	UNK
give each other the willies 	UNK
( lee ) treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects . 	UNK
is credible and remarkably mature 	UNK
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role . 	UNK
of the unsung heroes of 20th century 	UNK
that 's actually sort of amazing 	UNK
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults 	UNK
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant 	UNK
a streetwise mclaughlin group 	UNK
funny and well-contructed 	UNK
's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 	UNK
oversimplification , superficiality and silliness 	UNK
overproduced 	UNK
if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags 	UNK
though he only scratches the surface 	UNK
awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue 	UNK
visual splendor 	UNK
lingering questions about what the film is really getting at 	UNK
an ` action film ' mired in stasis 	UNK
dragon 	UNK
most intense 	UNK
this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce . 	UNK
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic . 	UNK
carried out by men of marginal intelligence , 	UNK
dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma 	UNK
that the plot makes no sense 	UNK
too bad none of it is funny . 	UNK
can seem tiresomely simpleminded . 	UNK
combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end 	UNK
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels 	UNK
well-meant 	UNK
bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee 	UNK
america 's thirst for violence 	UNK
so horrendously confusing 	UNK
avarice 	UNK
when you 're a struggling nobody 	UNK
talkiness 	UNK
`` ballistic : ecks vs. sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film . 	UNK
ignore the reputation , and ignore the film . 	UNK
manage to be spectacularly outrageous 	UNK
cookie-cutter action scenes 	UNK
of the best since the last waltz 	UNK
to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade 	UNK
a pale imitation 	UNK
withered 	UNK
pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report 	UNK
a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent 	UNK
writing , skewed characters , 	UNK
to provoke them 	UNK
remarkable skill 	UNK
is the stuff that disney movies are made of . 	UNK
enough sentimental 	UNK
crawl up your own *** 	UNK
there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd . 	UNK
that sends you out of the theater feeling 	UNK
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study 	UNK
engaging comedy 	UNK
certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes 	UNK
strong performances 	UNK
is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore . 	UNK
folds under its own thinness . 	UNK
itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension 	UNK
conceptual feat 	UNK
, sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment . 	UNK
genuine rather than pandering 	UNK
randolph 	UNK
great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers 	UNK
did i miss something ? 	UNK
a porno flick 	UNK
this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life . 	UNK
simply by accident 	UNK
nothing special 	UNK
never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it 	UNK
this movie 's lack of ideas 	UNK
cynicism 	UNK
take an entirely stale concept and 	UNK
, wit and interesting characters 	UNK
is an all-time low for kevin costner 	UNK
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling 	UNK
it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson 	UNK
surprising flair 	UNK
i liked it just enough . 	UNK
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection . 	UNK
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather . 	UNK
some of the back-story is a little tired 	UNK
nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up 	UNK
huppert ... is magnificent 	UNK
puzzle whose pieces do not fit 	UNK
sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , 	UNK
-- and long -- for its own good 	UNK
of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun 	UNK
intrigue 	UNK
its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily 	UNK
is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking . 	UNK
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing 	UNK
kid-empowerment 	UNK
a fascinating , unnerving examination 	UNK
could as easily have been called ` under siege 3 : in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life . 	UNK
odoriferous thing 	UNK
brilliantly written and well-acted 	UNK
to gravity and plummets 	UNK
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and 	UNK
joy 	UNK
is wickedly fun to watch 	UNK
the imagined glory of their own pasts 	UNK
deft 	UNK
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . 	UNK
does n't have a passion for the material . 	UNK
but that they are doing it is thought-provoking . 	UNK
a climax 	UNK
, scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys 	UNK
neil burger 's impressive fake documentary 	UNK
in looking at the comic effects of jealousy 	UNK
is tenderly observant of his characters . 	UNK
its dark , delicate treatment 	UNK
has no idea of it is serious 	UNK
brutal and 	UNK
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , 	UNK
it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists . 	UNK
classify as it is hard to resist 	UNK
, undisputed scores a direct hit . 	UNK
of menacing atmosphere 	UNK
painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic 	UNK
perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters 	UNK
in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago 	UNK
usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona 	UNK
easy jokes and insults 	UNK
quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . 	UNK
a sincerely crafted picture 	UNK
what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point . 	UNK
long gone 	UNK
the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression . 	UNK
is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce 	UNK
an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins 	UNK
by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 	UNK
about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights 	UNK
soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit . 	UNK
spontaneity in its execution 	UNK
feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful . 	UNK
spiderman rocks 	UNK
low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and 	UNK
was n't one of the film 's virtues . 	UNK
style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast 	UNK
stirs us as well . 	UNK
a non-britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine . 	UNK
your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , madonna 's cameo does n't suck ! 	UNK
an uneven film for the most part 	UNK
, the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music . 	UNK
miracles 	UNK
his storytelling skills have eroded 	UNK
`` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme 	UNK
, others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere . 	UNK
the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way . 	UNK
, madonna is one helluva singer . 	UNK
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and 	UNK
will probably find it fascinating 	UNK
good ear 	UNK
undistinguished rhythm 	UNK
have no idea what in creation is going on 	UNK
fascinating but flawed look 	UNK
spend years trying to comprehend it 	UNK
is both a snore and utter tripe 	UNK
to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and 	UNK
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , but a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary . 	UNK
the gloss 	UNK
we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground 	UNK
bitter italian comedy 	UNK
banal dialogue 	UNK
of the smarter offerings the horror genre 	UNK
it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it 	UNK
optimism 	UNK
but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself 	UNK
as a tarantula , helga 	UNK
like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out 	UNK
been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand 	UNK
wannabe comedy 	UNK
afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience 	UNK
the better video-game-based flicks , 	UNK
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension 	UNK
blasphemous bad 	UNK
woozy quality 	UNK
nothing interesting in unfaithful 	UNK
sheds light 	UNK
work as well as a remarkably faithful one 	UNK
want to watch if you only had a week to live 	UNK
one-dimensional buffoons 	UNK
without a conclusion or pay off 	UNK
is a tired one 	UNK
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before 	UNK
if a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' does n't put you off 	UNK
terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects 	UNK
patient and tenacious 	UNK
the most horrific movie experience i 've had since `` ca n't stop the music . '' 	UNK
too obviously 	UNK
watch on video at home 	UNK
the movie is loaded with good intentions 	UNK
for occasional smiles 	UNK
of all ages 	UNK
bland , surfacey way 	UNK
this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and 	UNK
it 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland . 	UNK
begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i 	UNK
's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland 	UNK
leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute 	UNK
frightening war scenes 	UNK
tremendous piece 	UNK
must have been astronomically bad 	UNK
the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult 	UNK
goes by quickly 	UNK
and that makes all the difference . 	UNK
the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept 	UNK
at three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue . 	UNK
spotty 	UNK
amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop . 	UNK
while the performances are often engaging 	UNK
you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer 	UNK
solid filmmaking 	UNK
his outstanding performance 	UNK
's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid . 	UNK
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers 	UNK
perfect example 	UNK
elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect 	UNK
than an autopsy , the movie 	UNK
exploitative and 	UNK
offering fine acting moments and 	UNK
a wacky , screwball comedy 	UNK
solid , satisfying fare 	UNK
-- a nice , harmless date film 	UNK
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love . 	UNK
of 2-day old coke 	UNK
combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' 	UNK
have all but ruined his career 	UNK
worldly-wise and very funny 	UNK
has you study them 	UNK
get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby 	UNK
is n't just offensive 	UNK
pop up in nearly every corner of the country 	UNK
worth yet another visit 	UNK
friendly 	UNK
a deadly bore 	UNK
would go back and choose to skip it 	UNK
bravery 	UNK
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't . 	UNK
too many clever things 	UNK
a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit 	UNK
come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell . 	UNK
allowing us to find the small , human moments , 	UNK
desert 	UNK
spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction 	UNK
miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images . 	UNK
a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama 	UNK
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle 	UNK
to be liberating 	UNK
the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial . 	UNK
gorgeous color palette 	UNK
starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together 	UNK
, ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . 	UNK
an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy . 	UNK
a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports 	UNK
, still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema 	UNK
, but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid 	UNK
for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment . 	UNK
gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , ( harris ) brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman . 	UNK
distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them 	UNK
luridly graphic and 	UNK
, clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors . 	UNK
that should be thrown back in the river 	UNK
drab 	UNK
is almost 	UNK
mike white 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` the good girl '' a film worth watching . 	UNK
still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly 	UNK
display an original talent 	UNK
but mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . 	UNK
there might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ? 	UNK
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography 	UNK
moments and an intelligent subtlety 	UNK
to the brim with ideas 	UNK
surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy 	UNK
its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter 	UNK
impressive talent 	UNK
the chills 	UNK
full of surprises 	UNK
you sweat 	UNK
i could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy . 	UNK
with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea 	UNK
is still quite good-natured and 	UNK
rich in color and creativity 	UNK
found its audience , 	UNK
ends up being surprisingly dull 	UNK
he feels like a spectator and not a participant 	UNK
superficial . 	UNK
visual charm 	UNK
the filmmaking clumsy and rushed 	UNK
watch this movie 	UNK
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and 	UNK
to surprise us with plot twists 	UNK
ingenious fun 	UNK
a crass and insulting homage to great films 	UNK
have recharged him 	UNK
rancorous curiosity 	UNK
suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it 	UNK
sexy , funny and touching . 	UNK
going to face frightening late fees 	UNK
is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish . 	UNK
is so engagingly 	UNK
of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation 	UNK
that is as difficult for the audience to take as it 	UNK
putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film . 	UNK
a rip-off 	UNK
an obvious copy 	UNK
depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion 	UNK
is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy 	UNK
care 	UNK
laced 	UNK
with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors 	UNK
you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one 	UNK
a real movie 	UNK
seem to match the power of their surroundings 	UNK
a pleasing way with a metaphor 	UNK
a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family 	UNK
pretty damned funny 	UNK
flash but little emotional resonance 	UNK
like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels . 	UNK
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer 	UNK
of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet 	UNK
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results 	UNK
provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience 	UNK
( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined 	UNK
a cast of a-list brit actors 	UNK
... is at 22 a powerful young actor . 	UNK
we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls 	UNK
total misfire 	UNK
storytelling skills 	UNK
into the `` a '' range , as is 	UNK
at least now we 've got something pretty damn close 	UNK
therapy-dependent flakeball 	UNK
can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience . 	UNK
not scarier 	UNK
entertaining , if ultimately minor , 	UNK
lovely and 	UNK
a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale 	UNK
from a woodland stream 	UNK
unfortunately , it runs for 170 	UNK
inspiring and 	UNK
hero performances 	UNK
blah 	UNK
the result is somewhat satisfying -- 	UNK
unlikeable 	UNK
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or 	UNK
not only does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again . 	UNK
a true delight . 	UNK
most original fantasy film 	UNK
it 's not scary in the slightest . 	UNK
which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche 	UNK
make gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience . 	UNK
the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better 	UNK
that shows what great cinema can really do 	UNK
seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics 	UNK
of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works 	UNK
why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ? 	UNK
is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is 	UNK
good-looking 	UNK
it does n't give a damn 	UNK
done that ... a thousand times 	UNK
artificiality 	UNK
few things in this world more complex -- 	UNK
thought that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food . 	UNK
what could have 	UNK
best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man . 	UNK
are a little peculiar 	UNK
a striking style behind the camera 	UNK
is surprisingly refreshing . 	UNK
gratitude 	UNK
sucks 	UNK
does n't trust laughs 	UNK
is n't the actor to save it . 	UNK
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wo n't be disappointed 	UNK
dated 	UNK
has a sure hand 	UNK
is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor 	UNK
is spot 	UNK
set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers 	UNK
has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him 	UNK
is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema . 	UNK
shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder . 	UNK
has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry 	UNK
all the usual spielberg flair 	UNK
got as potent a topic as ever here 	UNK
wang ) 	UNK
overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels 	UNK
sobering and powerful documentary 	UNK
spielberg 's realization of a near-future america is masterful . 	UNK
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses 	UNK
for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb . 	UNK
found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances . 	UNK
satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . 	UNK
understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie 	UNK
did n't sell many records but 	UNK
the payoff is powerful and revelatory 	UNK
disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer 	UNK
however sincere it may be , the rising place never quite justifies its own existence . 	UNK
the title , alone , should scare any sane person away . 	UNK
the under-7 crowd 	UNK
the strange horror 	UNK
that works on any number of levels 	UNK
funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span 	UNK
panic 	UNK
an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to . 	UNK
is better 	UNK
sound so dull 	UNK
the rest of the cast is uniformly superb 	UNK
it appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making . 	UNK
his most daring , and complicated , performances 	UNK
smart , sassy and exceptionally charming 	UNK
far less 	UNK
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation . 	UNK
, compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity 	UNK
hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art 	UNK
lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 	UNK
be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it 	UNK
a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience 	UNK
're in a slap-happy mood 	UNK
journalistically dubious , inept 	UNK
is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like 	UNK
's loud and boring 	UNK
hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing 	UNK
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them . 	UNK
see because the theater 	UNK
grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 	UNK
's quinn ( is ) a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . ' 	UNK
ride around a pretty tattered old carousel . 	UNK
you 'll cheer . 	UNK
finds its tone and several scenes run too long . 	UNK
entrapment in the maze of modern life 	UNK
is a convincing one , 	UNK
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and 	UNK
the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother 	UNK
got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 	UNK
of an alternative lifestyle 	UNK
, twisted sort 	UNK
not as outrageous or funny 	UNK
gives hollywood sequels 	UNK
forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 	UNK
pick up new admirers 	UNK
flawed and 	UNK
satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago 	UNK
( a ) painfully flat gross-out comedy 	UNK
stiff 	UNK
surprisingly charming 	UNK
is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film 	UNK
crucifixion 	UNK
's also disappointing to a certain degree . 	UNK
weirdness 	UNK
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would . 	UNK
, you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd . 	UNK
truest sense 	UNK
present an unflinching look 	UNK
audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying 	UNK
to enjoy its own transparency 	UNK
does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter 	UNK
made with an enormous amount of affection 	UNK
to engross even the most antsy youngsters 	UNK
he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause 	UNK
is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances 	UNK
caring for animals and 	UNK
the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying 	UNK
bold colors 	UNK
schütte 's dramatic snapshot 	UNK
soon-to-be-forgettable 	UNK
light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat 	UNK
is powerful and revelatory 	UNK
visually dazzling 	UNK
even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm . 	UNK
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity 	UNK
a worthwhile moviegoing experience 	UNK
the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired . 	UNK
consistently amusing 	UNK
have given this movie a rating of zero 	UNK
two star script 	UNK
the script has less spice than a rat burger and 	UNK
technical proficiency 	UNK
to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy 	UNK
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence . 	UNK
feel like mopping up 	UNK
gadgets 	UNK
what can easily be considered career-best performances 	UNK
the pseudo-educational stuff 	UNK
davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air 	UNK
issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate 	UNK
gutsy and 	UNK
good stuff 	UNK
-- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein 's brain . 	UNK
shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes 	UNK
no foundation 	UNK
is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction 	UNK
cheery 	UNK
, uncompromising 	UNK
searing performances 	UNK
dearly 	UNK
the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids 	UNK
, cliche-ridden 	UNK
pathetic 	UNK
when a movie has stuck around for this long 	UNK
-- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- 	UNK
provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater 	UNK
a lifetime 	UNK
for the kids 	UNK
the perfect festival film 	UNK
so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness 	UNK
of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation 	UNK
the touch 	UNK
stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks 	UNK
morgen and nanette burstein 	UNK
that graze the funny bone 	UNK
a tap-dancing rhino 	UNK
to avoid 	UNK
sensuality 	UNK
an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema 	UNK
arthur schnitzler 's reigen 	UNK
takes no apparent joy 	UNK
does n't quite go the distance 	UNK
itself , a playful spirit and a game cast 	UNK
looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day 	UNK
elegance and maturity 	UNK
a truly , truly bad movie 	UNK
a played-out idea 	UNK
so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it . 	UNK
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir 	UNK
construct a story 	UNK
're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments . 	UNK
adequately fills the eyes 	UNK
standout 	UNK
features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase 	UNK
its inescapable absurdities 	UNK
quirky and fearless 	UNK
seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle ' 	UNK
quickly forgettable 	UNK
in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world 	UNK
spits out 	UNK
a film you will never forget 	UNK
vibrant and 	UNK
also has humor and heart and very talented young actors 	UNK
intelligent observations 	UNK
overly familiar scenario 	UNK
falls 	UNK
whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile 	UNK
funny 	UNK
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly . 	UNK
a pair of fascinating performances 	UNK
( cattaneo ) sophomore slump 	UNK
goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better . 	UNK
that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender 	UNK
sentimental script 	UNK
inherently funny 	UNK
ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors . 	UNK
is honestly 	UNK
demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world . 	UNK
grant is certainly amusing , but 	UNK
cheesy b-movie playing 	UNK
looking like something wholly original 	UNK
unshapely look 	UNK
full of funny situations and honest observations 	UNK
is a step down for director gary fleder 	UNK
been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise 	UNK
of the best next generation episodes 	UNK
the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s . 	UNK
of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack 	UNK
runs out of steam after a half hour 	UNK
with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy 	UNK
's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge 	UNK
schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , 	UNK
nervous 	UNK
rock solid family fun out of the gates , 	UNK
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : 	UNK
it looks like an action movie , but 	UNK
ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context 	UNK
the u.s. 	UNK
hmmm 	UNK
make chan 's action sequences boring . 	UNK
the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance 	UNK
please eastwood 's loyal fans 	UNK
what punk rock music used to be 	UNK
work and 2002 's first great film 	UNK
wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself 	UNK
which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while 	UNK
genuinely enthusiastic performances 	UNK
tortured and self-conscious material 	UNK
funny , 	UNK
argentinean ` dramedy ' 	UNK
his best film 	UNK
really , really stupid 	UNK
recalls the classics of early italian neorealism 	UNK
it 's like a drive-by . 	UNK
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor 	UNK
it is not worth 	UNK
seen city 	UNK
watch these two together 	UNK
myopic 	UNK
at once visceral and spiritual 	UNK
makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend 	UNK
is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication . 	UNK
if you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer . 	UNK
a pretty good team 	UNK
run through its otherwise comic narrative . 	UNK
a much better mother-daughter tale 	UNK
really cool bit 	UNK
most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears . 	UNK
's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood 	UNK
big-hearted 	UNK
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport 	UNK
the film never feels draggy 	UNK
it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously . 	UNK
salvos hitting a discernible target . 	UNK
it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points . 	UNK
come to love 	UNK
superb 	UNK
by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit . 	UNK
, or inventive 	UNK
has a spirit that can not be denied 	UNK
as much as i laughed throughout the movie , i can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain . 	UNK
what 's with all the shooting 	UNK
of ` ethnic cleansing 	UNK
without neglecting character development for even one minute 	UNK
really poor comedic writing 	UNK
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , 	UNK
more plot 	UNK
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you 	UNK
unlike most surf movies , blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . 	UNK
this enthralling documentary 	UNK
does steven seagal come across these days ? 	UNK
is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized 	UNK
lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story 	UNK
end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched 	UNK
an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character 	UNK
a brilliant college student 	UNK
loose , unaccountable 	UNK
it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming 	UNK
this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus . 	UNK
a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 	UNK
of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill 	UNK
all ca n't stand 	UNK
even murphy 's expert comic timing and 	UNK
who are trying to make their way through this tragedy 	UNK
great for the kids 	UNK
'' has-been 	UNK
be easy for critics to shred it 	UNK
a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series 	UNK
, big-hearted and frequently 	UNK
drooling idiots 	UNK
did n't connect with me would require another viewing 	UNK
they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` dungeons and dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ... 	UNK
like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless . 	UNK
for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty 	UNK
a searing lead performance 	UNK
menacing atmosphere 	UNK
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but 	UNK
are many definitions of ` time waster ' 	UNK
hours of material to discuss 	UNK
one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud . 	UNK
that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar . 	UNK
luminous interviews 	UNK
the script 's refusal of a happy ending 	UNK
alternating with lots of sloppiness 	UNK
gets old quickly 	UNK
of the obvious cliches 	UNK
not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest . 	UNK
after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood 	UNK
leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors 	UNK
using them as punching bags 	UNK
tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism 	UNK
exhausted , desiccated talent 	UNK
the laziness and arrogance 	UNK
low-tech magic realism 	UNK
`` spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff . 	UNK
this delightful comedy 	UNK
vapid 	UNK
a worthwhile effort 	UNK
a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort . 	UNK
by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about 	UNK
extraordinary access 	UNK
so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing 	UNK
highly engaging . 	UNK
wisdom and emotion 	UNK
fascinating , unnerving examination 	UNK
watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power . 	UNK
you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one 	UNK
about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh 	UNK
arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two 	UNK
affection for its characters 	UNK
mixes in as much humor as pathos 	UNK
a complete moron 	UNK
abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed . 	UNK
few nice twists 	UNK
a moving story 	UNK
a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing 	UNK
not only better than its predecessor 	UNK
funny and , in the end , very touching 	UNK
too skewed to ever get a hold on 	UNK
thriller as lazy as it is interminable 	UNK
's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 . 	UNK
a funny , puzzling movie 	UNK
, i enjoyed it just as much ! 	UNK
stooping 	UNK
with a completely predictable plot 	UNK
solid base 	UNK
by bad luck and their own immaturity 	UNK
to a strangely sinister happy ending 	UNK
had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama 	UNK
so we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat . 	UNK
, pathetic , starving and untalented 	UNK
the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher . 	UNK
has merit and 	UNK
, with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes . 	UNK
both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise 	UNK
not that any of us 	UNK
astonish and entertain 	UNK
play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution 	UNK
a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress 	UNK
be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble 	UNK
having been slimed in the name of high art 	UNK
shooting itself 	UNK
, sterile and lacking 	UNK
elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe 	UNK
been worth cheering as a breakthrough 	UNK
all credibility flies out the window . 	UNK
corny television 	UNK
fights the good fight in vietnam 	UNK
engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay 	UNK
rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy 	UNK
things really get weird , though not particularly scary : 	UNK
hughes comedy 	UNK
the disjointed 	UNK
assumes you are n't very bright 	UNK
is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery . 	UNK
's not entirely memorable 	UNK
heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long 	UNK
nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose 	UNK
daring and beautifully made 	UNK
, you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work . 	UNK
works against itself 	UNK
i hated myself in the morning . 	UNK
with efficiency and an affection for the period 	UNK
confection that 's pure entertainment 	UNK
bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority 	UNK
the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor 	UNK
is impressive 	UNK
if cinema had been around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's , one imagines the result would look like something like this . 	UNK
... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . 	UNK
of the jokes , most at women 's expense 	UNK
fascination , and 	UNK
amazing slapstick 	UNK
low , very low , 	UNK
weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen 	UNK
leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics 	UNK
told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday 	UNK
those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime . 	UNK
undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold 	UNK
starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television 	UNK
is even worse 	UNK
the inspiration of the original 	UNK
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was n't 	UNK
fine idea 	UNK
mawkish 	UNK
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business . 	UNK
the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities . 	UNK
so stupid 	UNK
a good chance of being the big 	UNK
wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness 	UNK
it 's a masterpeice . 	UNK
a sour taste 	UNK
, much better . 	UNK
but on the whole , you 're gon na like this movie . 	UNK
a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about 	UNK
the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche . 	UNK
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role 	UNK
are too simplistic to maintain interest 	UNK
most wondrously gifted artists 	UNK
rushed , 	UNK
relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius . 	UNK
thanks to the presence of ` the king 	UNK
surreal ache of mortal awareness 	UNK
the unexplored story opportunities of `` punch-drunk love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson . 	UNK
by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others 	UNK
economical 	UNK
as powerful rather than cloying 	UNK
its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant 	UNK
does n't add up to a whole lot . 	UNK
in perfect balance 	UNK
ridicule factor 	UNK
thriller `` new best friend '' 	UNK
barbershop is n't as funny as it should be 	UNK
spider invasion comic chiller 	UNK
long , slow and dreary 	UNK
video games are more involving than this mess . 	UNK
a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness 	UNK
inspiration and 	UNK
witty dialogue and inventive moments 	UNK
the creative animation work 	UNK
slice of comedic bliss 	UNK
a fluid and mesmerizing sequence 	UNK
doing its namesake proud 	UNK
although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired 	UNK
a renowned indian film culture 	UNK
the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes . 	UNK
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story . 	UNK
30 seconds of plot 	UNK
, it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times . 	UNK
was better 	UNK
interesting story 	UNK
a marvel of production design . 	UNK
will leave you wanting to abandon the theater 	UNK
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital 	UNK
they do n't fit well together and 	UNK
the pushiness and decibel volume 	UNK
diverse 	UNK
rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting 	UNK
deep intelligence and 	UNK
bad-movie 	UNK
than their funny accents 	UNK
fun , popcorn movies 	UNK
campbell scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson . 	UNK
uniqueness 	UNK
interesting and thoroughly 	UNK
( shyamalan ) turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count . 	UNK
does seem pretty unbelievable at times 	UNK
those monologues stretch on and on 	UNK
a perfect wildean actor 	UNK
you wo n't be disappointed 	UNK
friendship , 	UNK
put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese 	UNK
as an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable . 	UNK
virtuoso throat-singing 	UNK
recognize 	UNK
gives human nature its unique feel 	UNK
every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy 	UNK
ferrara 's best film 	UNK
uneventful 	UNK
you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world 	UNK
of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness 	UNK
the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep 	UNK
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness 	UNK
establishes its ominous mood and tension 	UNK
almost unbearably 	UNK
has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed 	UNK
loved ones 	UNK
me as unusually and unimpressively fussy 	UNK
is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish 	UNK
gorgeousness . 	UNK
the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire 	UNK
of domestic tension and unhappiness 	UNK
very talented 	UNK
the movie dragged on 	UNK
even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency . 	UNK
he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 	UNK
is definitely a director to watch . 	UNK
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving 	UNK
's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies . 	UNK
is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , 	UNK
into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department 	UNK
make this a charmer . 	UNK
his lack 	UNK
the year 's greatest adventure 	UNK
both the beauty of the land and the people 	UNK
entirely irony-free 	UNK
how it washed out despite all of that 	UNK
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve 	UNK
of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye 	UNK
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying 	UNK
laugh once ( maybe twice ) 	UNK
a one-of-a-kind work 	UNK
perfectly entertaining summer diversion 	UNK
many can aspire but none can equal 	UNK
retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing . 	UNK
that ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's 	UNK
is n't a very involving one 	UNK
simpler , leaner 	UNK
pointless extremes 	UNK
a poignant comedy that offers food for thought . 	UNK
consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work 	UNK
... hokey art house pretension . 	UNK
because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks 	UNK
( hell is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through . 	UNK
are complex and quirky , but entirely believable 	UNK
a potentially trite and overused concept 	UNK
... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows 	UNK
impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head 	UNK
closed 	UNK
an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up 	UNK
struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones 	UNK
useless 	UNK
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself 	UNK
faltering half-step 	UNK
... portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue . 	UNK
intricately constructed 	UNK
a fantastically vital movie 	UNK
sensitive and 	UNK
survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller 	UNK
the master of disguise is awful . 	UNK
entertaining and , ultimately , 	UNK
those gimmicks 	UNK
, barbershop is tuned in to its community . 	UNK
to be wholesome and subversive at the same time 	UNK
fail 	UNK
has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy 	UNK
combustible mixture 	UNK
dry and 	UNK
pleasing verisimilitude 	UNK
affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids . 	UNK
works beautifully 	UNK
to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release 	UNK
putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank 	UNK
a touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes . 	UNK
the masterful british actor ian holm 	UNK
above superficiality 	UNK
be intriguing 	UNK
stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . 	UNK
absurd collection 	UNK
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin 	UNK
too safe 	UNK
is an actress works as well as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple . 	UNK
of virtually plotless meanderings 	UNK
'll still be glued to the screen 	UNK
of boring 	UNK
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world . 	UNK
likely to find compelling 	UNK
made on the cheap 	UNK
has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture 	UNK
great scares and 	UNK
nor a cliché left unsaid 	UNK
giddy and provocative sexual 	UNK
the most highly-praised disappointments i 	UNK
unconvincing 	UNK
a few good ideas 	UNK
unbearable when it is n't merely offensive 	UNK
see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead 	UNK
delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information . 	UNK
tasty 	UNK
the spectacle of small-town competition 	UNK
terrific role 	UNK
is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film 	UNK
viewed as pure composition and form -- 	UNK
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye . 	UNK
problems and 	UNK
dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost 	UNK
unrecoverable life 	UNK
so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work 	UNK
one of his most daring , and complicated , performances 	UNK
, festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . 	UNK
misfire that even tunney ca n't save 	UNK
vivid characters 	UNK
watch these two together again 	UNK
undergo radical changes when it suits the script 	UNK
a finely tuned mood 	UNK
self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music 	UNK
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera ... 	UNK
'' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original . 	UNK
you want the story to go on and on 	UNK
assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 	UNK
brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination 	UNK
is part of the fun 	UNK
overwrought 	UNK
sterling 	UNK
tells a deeper story 	UNK
that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about 	UNK
uneasily 	UNK
the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover . 	UNK
a backbone 	UNK
the hook 	UNK
suck the audience in 	UNK
strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances 	UNK
even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic 	UNK
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket 	UNK
courageous scottish lady 	UNK
feel like you were n't invited to the party 	UNK
allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap . 	UNK
edgy thriller 	UNK
as the film breaks your heart 	UNK
the movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster . 	UNK
from a stunningly unoriginal premise 	UNK
the film does pack some serious suspense . 	UNK
tiring 	UNK
'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state 	UNK
an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you 	UNK
tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony 	UNK
proves itself a more streamlined 	UNK
with remarkable serenity and discipline 	UNK
does the nearly impossible 	UNK
there 's some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... ( b ) ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck 	UNK
too much syrup 	UNK
its critical backlash 	UNK
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics 	UNK
becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course . 	UNK
was inspired 	UNK
the heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death . 	UNK
bland songs 	UNK
like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank 	UNK
that was hard for me to warm up to 	UNK
beyond the end zone 	UNK
figures prominently in this movie 	UNK
staged like `` rosemary 's baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films . 	UNK
'' exceeds expectations . 	UNK
inventiveness 	UNK
was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention . 	UNK
open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set 	UNK
sit through -- despite some first-rate performances 	UNK
the action is dazzling 	UNK
director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher 	UNK
held hostage 	UNK
is visually ravishing 	UNK
thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic . 	UNK
will prefer this new version 	UNK
be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as 	UNK
it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women . 	UNK
wall 	UNK
despite slick production values and director roger michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . 	UNK
, crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises . 	UNK
strange and beautiful film . 	UNK
's just too boring and obvious 	UNK
, uneven action comedy 	UNK
all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . 	UNK
funny fanatics 	UNK
fantastic movie 	UNK
make love a joy to behold . 	UNK
better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies 	UNK
nothing but an episode 	UNK
their bodies 	UNK
is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them . 	UNK
showcases a group of dedicated artists 	UNK
the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear 	UNK
pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting 	UNK
very , very good reasons 	UNK
the pleasures of a well-made pizza 	UNK
an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested 	UNK
rather simplistic 	UNK
i 've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie . 	UNK
's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long . 	UNK
smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy . 	UNK
the movie 's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell . 	UNK
to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power 	UNK
lost and desolate 	UNK
tears welled up in my eyes both times 	UNK
potentially good comic premise 	UNK
what once was conviction is now affectation 	UNK
tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters 	UNK
as fascinating 	UNK
that with really poor comedic writing 	UNK
offers few surprises 	UNK
hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - 	UNK
weave a protective cocoon around his own ego 	UNK
war-weary marine 	UNK
painfully padded . 	UNK
a sharp , amusing study of the cult 	UNK
entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action 	UNK
flirts with propaganda 	UNK
of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick 	UNK
agreed 	UNK
to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity 	UNK
is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise 	UNK
including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen 	UNK
he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time . 	UNK
subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances 	UNK
paul cox needed to show it . 	UNK
skip this dreck 	UNK
marginal intelligence 	UNK
delightfully so 	UNK
that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere 	UNK
nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here . 	UNK
nevertheless , it still seems endless . 	UNK
a few laughs 	UNK
vereté has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs . 	UNK
this is just lazy writing . 	UNK
becomes a soulful , incisive meditation 	UNK
are of the highest and the performances 	UNK
zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special . 	UNK
is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next . 	UNK
with so much first-rate talent 	UNK
in welcome perspective 	UNK
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was ... 	UNK
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances 	UNK
the visuals , even erotically frank ones , 	UNK
meeting , even exceeding expectations , it 's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth . 	UNK
believe that resident evil is not it . 	UNK
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive 	UNK
mctiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious 	UNK
the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work 	UNK
upbeat ending 	UNK
pokemon 4ever 	UNK
for granted in most films are mishandled here 	UNK
smug grin 	UNK
's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows 	UNK
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle 	UNK
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ? 	UNK
, moving , and adventurous directorial debut 	UNK
skillfully assembled , 	UNK
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why 	UNK
samuel l. jackson is one of the best actors there is . 	UNK
treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage . 	UNK
grabs you 	UNK
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but 	UNK
to pass this stinker off as a scary movie 	UNK
sustain interest to the end 	UNK
should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ! '' 	UNK
own ambitious goals 	UNK
that 's enough to sustain laughs 	UNK
a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony 	UNK
in hero worship 	UNK
feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject 	UNK
unexpected flashes of dark comedy 	UNK
is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death . 	UNK
the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts 	UNK
inspiration 	UNK
lifelong concern 	UNK
a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout 	UNK
neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is 	UNK
delightfully 	UNK
brilliant and brutal 	UNK
repeated at least four times 	UNK
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news 	UNK
is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ? 	UNK
's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing . 	UNK
futile 	UNK
month 	UNK
-- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	UNK
wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting 	UNK
collapses under its own meager weight . 	UNK
a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted 	UNK
flat , unconvincing 	UNK
the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion . 	UNK
it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 	UNK
love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 . 	UNK
unusual homes 	UNK
, beautifully realized 	UNK
the misery 	UNK
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly 	UNK
is this so boring 	UNK
such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen 	UNK
with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long 	UNK
's rarely as entertaining as it could have been 	UNK
pretty good little movie 	UNK
that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective 	UNK
that the movie has no idea of it is serious or 	UNK
the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree . 	UNK
willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching 	UNK
here a more annoying , though less angry 	UNK
hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss 	UNK
( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) 	UNK
warped logic 	UNK
's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison . 	UNK
the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy 	UNK
about death 	UNK
often silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films . 	UNK
push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time 	UNK
bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' ) wears its heart on its sleeve 	UNK
this is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull . 	UNK
the best of hollywood 's comic-book 	UNK
, brilliant and macabre 	UNK
bitter nor sweet 	UNK
gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing . 	UNK
what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time . 	UNK
a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex 	UNK
the film 's saving graces 	UNK
irreparably 	UNK
is a riveting , brisk delight . 	UNK
slapstick and unfunny tricks 	UNK
, bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid . 	UNK
so warm and fuzzy 	UNK
surefire , beloved genres 	UNK
abysmally 	UNK
making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time 	UNK
some real vitality and even art 	UNK
dumb fart 	UNK
how many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ? 	UNK
logical , unforced continuation 	UNK
contrived , awkward 	UNK
that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice 	UNK
a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels 	UNK
is among wiseman 's warmest . 	UNK
that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard 	UNK
's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed 	UNK
... hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny . 	UNK
`` gangs '' is never lethargic 	UNK
bravura performance 	UNK
whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films 	UNK
beautiful scene 	UNK
uninspired preachy and clichéd war 	UNK
updated dickensian sensibility 	UNK
the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions 	UNK
a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor 	UNK
, the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see . 	UNK
however , it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome . 	UNK
could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again 	UNK
too much norma rae 	UNK
technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive 	UNK
the best the contest received 	UNK
suffers from all the excesses 	UNK
is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten . 	UNK
` it 's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . ' 	UNK
is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad . 	UNK
seen as hip , winking social commentary 	UNK
rare family movie 	UNK
no laughs . 	UNK
little less bling-bling and a lot more 	UNK
his machismo 	UNK
played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it 	UNK
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality . 	UNK
in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life 	UNK
the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special 	UNK
beautiful work 	UNK
sane and breathtakingly creative film 	UNK
wonder 	UNK
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- 	UNK
hide new secretions 	UNK
's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness 	UNK
a pathetically 	UNK
dull-witted and disquietingly creepy 	UNK
a consummate actor incapable of being boring 	UNK
becomes too heavy for the plot 	UNK
with an assurance worthy of international acclaim 	UNK
the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction 	UNK
all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost 	UNK
traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 	UNK
gratingly unfunny 	UNK
in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute 	UNK
has a solid emotional impact . 	UNK
troubled and 	UNK
sketchiest 	UNK
holm does his sly , intricate magic , 	UNK
britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel 	UNK
emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show . 	UNK
a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence 	UNK
will find millions of eager fans . 	UNK
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime . 	UNK
presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) 	UNK
for some major alterations 	UNK
is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in 	UNK
relatively dry 	UNK
... a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing . 	UNK
too easy 	UNK
of these tragic deaths 	UNK
is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication 	UNK
bump in the night and nobody cares 	UNK
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but 	UNK
is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream 	UNK
falls to the floor with a sickening thud 	UNK
's little to recommend snow dogs 	UNK
the sick character 	UNK
sentimental mess 	UNK
that the movie does not do them justice 	UNK
its story 	UNK
astonishing ... ( frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment 	UNK
exudes the urbane sweetness 	UNK
this starts off with a 1950 's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast . 	UNK
a sensitive , cultivated treatment of greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one . 	UNK
take me back to a time 	UNK
induces headaches 	UNK
takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women 	UNK
like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids 	UNK
julie taymor 's preposterous titus 	UNK
be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 	UNK
ultimately undo him 	UNK
you turn stupid 	UNK
humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life 	UNK
delightfully unpredictable , hilarious 	UNK
a computer-generated cold fish 	UNK
, one hour photo lives down to its title . 	UNK
worldly-wise and very funny script 	UNK
as a fairly weak retooling 	UNK
polished and vastly entertaining 	UNK
resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material 	UNK
simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply 	UNK
satisfyingly unsettling ride 	UNK
the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while 	UNK
search of purpose or even a plot 	UNK
an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers 	UNK
terrible 	UNK
mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything . 	UNK
's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong 	UNK
the best espionage picture 	UNK
lan yu never catches dramatic fire . 	UNK
tens of thousands of german jewish refugees 	UNK
some startling , surrealistic moments 	UNK
annoying rather than charming 	UNK
is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right . 	UNK
impeccable comic timing 	UNK
do well to cram earplugs in their ears and 	UNK
is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen 	UNK
takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth 	UNK
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck 	UNK
for its excellent storytelling , its economical 	UNK
is generous and deep 	UNK
failed 	UNK
most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics 	UNK
it 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal . 	UNK
the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made ( eyre 's ) first film something of a sleeper success 	UNK
the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments 	UNK
superbly 	UNK
french coming-of-age import 	UNK
capable of anteing up some movie star charisma 	UNK
a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around 	UNK
sad but 	UNK
esteemed 	UNK
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed . 	UNK
problematic quest 	UNK
substantial or fresh 	UNK
watchable by a bravura performance 	UNK
labute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering . 	UNK
misdemeanor 	UNK
, has solid acting and a neat premise 	UNK
is infectious 	UNK
it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle . 	UNK
i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks . 	UNK
sad schlock merchant 	UNK
its poignancy hooks us completely 	UNK
less bling-bling 	UNK
slickly staged 	UNK
sluggish pace and lack 	UNK
relies on subtle ironies and visual devices 	UNK
exaggerated action 	UNK
are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting 	UNK
a movie to forget 	UNK
's fun , 	UNK
the central flaw of the film 	UNK
's too loud 	UNK
wallowing in its characters ' frustrations 	UNK
the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet 	UNK
a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy 	UNK
makes the journey feel like a party 	UNK
a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh . 	UNK
truly , truly bad 	UNK
on , well , love in the time of money 	UNK
the story 's scope and pageantry 	UNK
uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows 	UNK
a quaint , romanticized rendering 	UNK
be glued to the screen 	UNK
warmth and 	UNK
the plot has a number of holes , 	UNK
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid 	UNK
oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk 	UNK
clever , amusing and unpredictable 	UNK
none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens 	UNK
rambling incoherence 	UNK
has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances 	UNK
, intelligent eyes 	UNK
scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm 	UNK
france 's most inventive directors 	UNK
the ideal outlet 	UNK
were convinced to waste their time 	UNK
's an adventure story and history lesson all in one . 	UNK
created a masterful work of art of their own 	UNK
linklater 	UNK
( green is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike . 	UNK
no . . 	UNK
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years . 	UNK
bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company 	UNK
, you still have to see this ! 	UNK
it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . 	UNK
proves a servicable world war ii drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored . 	UNK
get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized 	UNK
display greatness 	UNK
it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity . 	UNK
the gentle comic treatment 	UNK
is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ... 	UNK
grounded in an undeniable social realism 	UNK
feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy 	UNK
, ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . ' 	UNK
none of this sounds promising and 	UNK
the film is well worthwhile . 	UNK
patience , respect and affection 	UNK
every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length 	UNK
uncomfortably close to losing my lunch 	UNK
to give them credit for : the message of the movie 	UNK
remotely new or interesting 	UNK
can hear you snore 	UNK
says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style 	UNK
, sloppy 	UNK
falls far short 	UNK
scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle . 	UNK
be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop 	UNK
appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché 	UNK
see her esther blossom as an actress , 	UNK
delivers big time 	UNK
that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience 	UNK
formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff 	UNK
smear 	UNK
a thriller with an edge 	UNK
delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion 	UNK
dubious human being 	UNK
there 's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes , plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme . 	UNK
conquers 	UNK
bottom-rung new jack city wannabe . 	UNK
to show us why it 's compelling 	UNK
is hardly a masterpiece 	UNK
, the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn . 	UNK
emerge with unimpeachable clarity 	UNK
for most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo . 	UNK
this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events 	UNK
poorly-constructed comedy 	UNK
aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice 	UNK
rousing , g-rated family film 	UNK
absurdist wit 	UNK
a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis 	UNK
hoffman 's performance is authentic to the core of his being . 	UNK
bill morrison 's decasia 	UNK
usually dread encountering the most 	UNK
sure to win viewers ' hearts 	UNK
ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . 	UNK
must have been lost in the translation . 	UNK
despite auteuil 's performance 	UNK
option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept 	UNK
at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans 	UNK
the thin veneer 	UNK
the delicate forcefulness 	UNK
if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness 	UNK
will just as likely make you weep 	UNK
's still a guilty pleasure to watch . 	UNK
like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance . 	UNK
nation 	UNK
is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , 	UNK
scream low budget 	UNK
the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers . 	UNK
of the potential for sanctimoniousness 	UNK
interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity 	UNK
lacks dramatic punch and depth 	UNK
david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen . 	UNK
you want to slap it 	UNK
great performances , stylish cinematography and 	UNK
can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor . 	UNK
garden music video 	UNK
nice piece of work 	UNK
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized 	UNK
a re-hash 	UNK
is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ? 	UNK
tired old vision 	UNK
lame 	UNK
snl '' has-been 	UNK
horrible . 	UNK
a pretentious and 	UNK
is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade 	UNK
any movie with a life-affirming message 	UNK
to the experience 	UNK
even worse 	UNK
every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy 	UNK
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen 	UNK
tub-thumpingly loud 	UNK
will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach . 	UNK
how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg 	UNK
is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure 	UNK
highly uneven 	UNK
one of the most exciting action films 	UNK
offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience 	UNK
is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer . 	UNK
cliché-riddled genre 	UNK
a better script 	UNK
, then go see this delightful comedy . 	UNK
disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice 	UNK
absurdist 	UNK
seem like a bad idea from frame one 	UNK
of grace 	UNK
bright shining star 	UNK
romantic and serenely 	UNK
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world . 	UNK
ick 	UNK
it 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture 	UNK
is far from disappointing , 	UNK
cliffhanger 	UNK
photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen . 	UNK
its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before . 	UNK
fussing over too weak a recipe 	UNK
touched by an unprecedented tragedy 	UNK
looking for a return ticket to realism 	UNK
really is enormously good fun . 	UNK
includes battlefield earth and showgirls 	UNK
for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors 	UNK
over-the-top trash 	UNK
that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it 	UNK
because of the universal themes , earnest performances 	UNK
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , 	UNK
's nothing wrong with that 	UNK
convincing portrayal 	UNK
it drags during its 112-minute length 	UNK
, it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame . 	UNK
quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship 	UNK
an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character . 	UNK
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , 	UNK
aimless , arduous , and arbitrary 	UNK
a lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone must go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him . 	UNK
sports extravaganza 	UNK
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and 	UNK
loose , poorly structured film 	UNK
and as bland 	UNK
it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' 	UNK
where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' 	UNK
its audience giddy 	UNK
implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history 	UNK
piercing 	UNK
its recycled aspects , 	UNK
its true-to-life characters , 	UNK
limpid and conventional historical fiction 	UNK
pity anyone who sees this mishmash . 	UNK
dark to be decipherable 	UNK
stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites 	UNK
seem to match the power of their surroundings . 	UNK
that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s 	UNK
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , 	UNK
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical 	UNK
is dark , brooding and slow 	UNK
hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers 	UNK
there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue . 	UNK
handed down from the movie gods 	UNK
are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces . 	UNK
that it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness 	UNK
get excited about on this dvd 	UNK
'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche . 	UNK
of artifice and purpose 	UNK
that surprises or delights 	UNK
is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless . 	UNK
was immensely enjoyable 	UNK
pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale 	UNK
easier to digest 	UNK
contest to see who can out-bad-act the other 	UNK
what an idea , what a thrill ride . 	UNK
from a television monitor 	UNK
no better or worse than ` truth or consequences , n.m. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater . 	UNK
enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle . 	UNK
fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile 	UNK
a good human 	UNK
the most surprising thing about this film 	UNK
unfortunately also 	UNK
a great american adventure 	UNK
imaginative 	UNK
of his most daring , and complicated , performances 	UNK
aimless , arduous , 	UNK
too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece 	UNK
is where ararat went astray . 	UNK
prove diverting enough 	UNK
to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 	UNK
should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie 	UNK
a generic bloodbath 	UNK
everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized . 	UNK
the novel charm 	UNK
pathetic idea 	UNK
a bad improvisation exercise , 	UNK
a major waste ... generic 	UNK
only surprise 	UNK
as beautiful , desirable 	UNK
come away thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another . 	UNK
wonderful fencing scenes and 	UNK
sure , it 's contrived and predictable 	UNK
absolute joy 	UNK
heart as important as humor 	UNK
creative energy and wit to entertain all ages 	UNK
into a poem of art , music and metaphor 	UNK
laughed that hard in years 	UNK
this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest 	UNK
, assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others 	UNK
mostly fool 's gold 	UNK
know what it wants to be when it grows up 	UNK
its amiable jerking 	UNK
emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment 	UNK
a boring , pretentious muddle 	UNK
, it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie 	UNK
gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality 	UNK
would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects 	UNK
not only a pianist , but a good human being 	UNK
what could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey . 	UNK
owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ? 	UNK
's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . 	UNK
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm 	UNK
well-put-together 	UNK
is so rich with period minutiae 	UNK
grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor 	UNK
is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons 	UNK
more ambivalent set 	UNK
i ca n't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies . 	UNK
rambles aimlessly 	UNK
a movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's delusions to escape their maudlin influence . 	UNK
sweeping , dramatic 	UNK
numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before . 	UNK
edits 	UNK
is n't entirely persuasive 	UNK
smart and well-crafted 	UNK
sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and 	UNK
some laughs and a smile 	UNK
derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films 	UNK
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but 	UNK
the movie is better than you might think . 	UNK
by a british cast 	UNK
an intimate feeling 	UNK
recommended -- 	UNK
tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims 	UNK
a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense 	UNK
humble , teach and ultimately 	UNK
first-class , natural acting and 	UNK
gross-out humor 	UNK
solemn pretension 	UNK
about memory and regret 	UNK
best indie of the year , so far . 	UNK
the byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , carmen ( vega ) and juni ( sabara ) cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take . 	UNK
like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 	UNK
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... well before the end 	UNK
enjoyable family fare 	UNK
a more mythic level 	UNK
strong supporting players 	UNK
watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement 	UNK
is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them ! 	UNK
well-behaved film 	UNK
a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago 	UNK
of a handsome and well-made entertainment 	UNK
, you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot . 	UNK
, i ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out . 	UNK
showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings 	UNK
best little `` horror '' movie 	UNK
amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest 	UNK
every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ? 	UNK
found a cult favorite 	UNK
feels familiar and tired 	UNK
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody 	UNK
familiar , funny 	UNK
imaginatively mixed 	UNK
cold blanket 	UNK
no idea what in creation is going on 	UNK
i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking 	UNK
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , 	UNK
a century and a half ago 	UNK
sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously 	UNK
a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor . 	UNK
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , 	UNK
bad movie . 	UNK
being neither 	UNK
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration 	UNK
a huge heart 	UNK
lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold 	UNK
the wrong things 	UNK
kids-cute sentimentality 	UNK
raunchy and frequently hilarious 	UNK
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long 	UNK
improvise and scream 	UNK
big bad love 	UNK
the film does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously , it cares about how ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the cia . 	UNK
do n't want to think too much about what 's going on 	UNK
what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors 	UNK
delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph 	UNK
rich with period minutiae 	UNK
sick , twisted sort 	UNK
just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on 	UNK
laziness and arrogance 	UNK
two fatal ailments 	UNK
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . 	UNK
this clever and very satisfying picture 	UNK
the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them . 	UNK
with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks 	UNK
the trailer is a riot . 	UNK
, this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises . 	UNK
no rooting interest 	UNK
remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . 	UNK
entertaining thriller 	UNK
this is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair 	UNK
robotically italicized 	UNK
incompetent cops 	UNK
mind-numbing 	UNK
become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters 	UNK
common sense 	UNK
bodacious 	UNK
this director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera . 	UNK
lead actress gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , 	UNK
well-meant but unoriginal . 	UNK
we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life 	UNK
thuds 	UNK
setting distracts 	UNK
asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well 	UNK
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales . 	UNK
both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... 	UNK
of this sad , compulsive life 	UNK
told and retold 	UNK
joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins 	UNK
in the series 	UNK
written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience . 	UNK
slow 	UNK
be a single iota worse 	UNK
protect your community 	UNK
a bit repetitive 	UNK
elegant 	UNK
meaningful cinema 	UNK
strongest film 	UNK
dumb gags , anatomical humor , 	UNK
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story 	UNK
a stupid , derivative horror film 	UNK
this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy 	UNK
revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions 	UNK
efficient 	UNK
can certainly go the distance , 	UNK
with a teeth-clenching gusto 	UNK
delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling 	UNK
helpful 	UNK
succeeds through sincerity . 	UNK
as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program , frida gets the job done . 	UNK
exceptional performances 	UNK
it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre . 	UNK
alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but ayurveda does the field no favors . 	UNK
i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful . 	UNK
has value can not be denied . 	UNK
amusing for a good while 	UNK
clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge . 	UNK
major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera 	UNK
make a delightful comedy centering on food 	UNK
imbue the theme with added depth and resonance 	UNK
staggeringly unoriginal terms 	UNK
contradictory things 	UNK
a blair witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast 	UNK
compelling investigation 	UNK
french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama 	UNK
are no special effects , and no hollywood endings . 	UNK
has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best 	UNK
i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next 	UNK
you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists 	UNK
masterpiece 	UNK
as a friend 	UNK
abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater . 	UNK
rated eee for excitement . 	UNK
made the full monty a smashing success 	UNK
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd 	UNK
to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story 	UNK
bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor 	UNK
is a complete mess 	UNK
honestly 	UNK
intriguing and downright intoxicating 	UNK
slick and sprightly cgi feature 	UNK
the hilarious writer-director himself 	UNK
a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in 	UNK
throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling 	UNK
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; 	UNK
have a bad , bad , bad movie 	UNK
for no apparent reason except 	UNK
see a better thriller 	UNK
, it drags 	UNK
that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash 	UNK
reduces wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon 	UNK
the feel of poetic tragedy 	UNK
had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain 	UNK
lack depth or complexity , 	UNK
, this is the ultimate movie experience 	UNK
cerebral 	UNK
i stay positive 	UNK
be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still 	UNK
a believable mother/daughter pair 	UNK
1993 classic 	UNK
pretty funny movie 	UNK
-- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- 	UNK
future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter 	UNK
it 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness . 	UNK
dinner guest 	UNK
degenerates 	UNK
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting 	UNK
students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously . 	UNK
told with humor and poignancy 	UNK
an unexpectedly sweet story 	UNK
it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history 	UNK
the problems with the film 	UNK
analyze this , not 	UNK
expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence 	UNK
washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him 	UNK
sounds like horrible poetry 	UNK
to ignite sparks 	UNK
is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends . 	UNK
kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business . 	UNK
so intimate 	UNK
it does so without compromising that complexity . 	UNK
most charmless 	UNK
love , family 	UNK
a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence . 	UNK
endearing , masterful 	UNK
befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject 	UNK
a very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy . 	UNK
a dull girl , 	UNK
you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger 	UNK
graceful , moving tribute 	UNK
is enticing 	UNK
we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic 	UNK
the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing . 	UNK
mordantly funny and intimately knowing ... 	UNK
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment 	UNK
make fun of me for liking showgirls 	UNK
as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension 	UNK
instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions . 	UNK
wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv 's big brother 	UNK
mediocre 	UNK
the songs translate well to film 	UNK
to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi 	UNK
bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points 	UNK
the joy the characters take in this creed 	UNK
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich 	UNK
romantic comedy 	UNK
no solace here , no entertainment value 	UNK
madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game . 	UNK
in rapt attention 	UNK
is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless . 	UNK
get lost in the murk of its own making 	UNK
woozy 	UNK
is its reliance on formula , though 	UNK
if you grew up on scooby -- you 'll love this movie . 	UNK
it does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity . 	UNK
an interesting technical exercise 	UNK
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting . 	UNK
why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ? 	UNK
is a visual treat for all audiences . 	UNK
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and 	UNK
some body will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have . 	UNK
been there done that 	UNK
contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs 	UNK
the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph 	UNK
in a dead-end existence 	UNK
talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise 	UNK
the painstaking 	UNK
the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby 	UNK
you 'll regret 	UNK
do all three quite well , 	UNK
funnier version of the old police academy flicks . 	UNK
a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds 	UNK
a sweet and modest and 	UNK
anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed . 	UNK
strikes a potent chemistry with molina 	UNK
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies 	UNK
to the energetic and always surprising performance 	UNK
yong kang 	UNK
it looks good 	UNK
well-crafted letdown . 	UNK
puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material 	UNK
about hatred 	UNK
his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us 	UNK
the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance 	UNK
another trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . ' 	UNK
flailing reputation 	UNK
might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) . 	UNK
well-deserved reputation 	UNK
just is n't very funny . 	UNK
deeper and more engaging 	UNK
their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) 	UNK
insightfully 	UNK
's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making . 	UNK
arresting 	UNK
a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels . 	UNK
worthy predecessors 	UNK
idol 	UNK
into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being 	UNK
it 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere . 	UNK
call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made 	UNK
, danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction . 	UNK
adams just copies from various sources -- 	UNK
trashy fun 	UNK
as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief 	UNK
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring . 	UNK
on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy 	UNK
of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family 	UNK
tasty performance 	UNK
some kind of goofy grandeur 	UNK
worshipful 	UNK
a gripping documentary that 	UNK
a brazil-like , hyper-real satire 	UNK
a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy 	UNK
not the craven of ' a nightmare 	UNK
its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even . 	UNK
as tricky and satisfying as any of david mamet 's airless cinematic shell games . 	UNK
a love story as sanguine as its title 	UNK
movie dawdle 	UNK
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one . 	UNK
talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching . 	UNK
stay away 	UNK
gets under your skin and , some plot blips 	UNK
pretty much delivers on that promise . 	UNK
hard time 	UNK
parts seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings 	UNK
it wo n't hold up over the long haul , 	UNK
feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema 	UNK
boasting this many genuine cackles 	UNK
religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and 	UNK
will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades 	UNK
be a huge cut of above the rest 	UNK
genuinely unnerving 	UNK
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , 	UNK
cheap-looking 	UNK
a markedly inactive film , city is conversational bordering on confessional . 	UNK
the whole thing never existed 	UNK
it shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable . 	UNK
big fat pain . 	UNK
independent or 	UNK
and crude storyline 	UNK
the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second 	UNK
a brilliant college student -- 	UNK
for humor in so many teenage comedies 	UNK
far-flung 	UNK
first-rate , especially sorvino 	UNK
transparent attempts 	UNK
feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life 	UNK
can relate 	UNK
it feels accidental 	UNK
be said to squander jennifer love hewitt 	UNK
most entertaining moments 	UNK
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable 	UNK
far more impact 	UNK
you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together 	UNK
this 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be . 	UNK
inadequate 	UNK
watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards 	UNK
hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful 	UNK
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness 	UNK
gang 	UNK
hanukkah 	UNK
the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 	UNK
virtually nothing to show 	UNK
the hackneyed story 	UNK
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth 	UNK
, dumb 	UNK
veiling tension 	UNK
with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery 	UNK
justify his exercise 	UNK
kitschy goodwill 	UNK
modern art 	UNK
pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference 	UNK
work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' 	UNK
wise and elegiac ... 	UNK
of the creative act 	UNK
a spirited film and a must-see 	UNK
is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . 	UNK
, luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine 	UNK
its superior cast 	UNK
is a remarkably original work 	UNK
's appealingly manic and energetic 	UNK
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . ' 	UNK
actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode 	UNK
has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life 	UNK
sympathizing with terrorist motivations 	UNK
a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead 	UNK
, wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films . 	UNK
at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . 	UNK
a solid cast 	UNK
is worth seeking . 	UNK
technically 	UNK
chuckles 	UNK
amounts to little more than punishment 	UNK
the music makes a nice album , 	UNK
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie 	UNK
've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed 	UNK
, there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone . 	UNK
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story 	UNK
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , 	UNK
stylized sequences 	UNK
to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images 	UNK
sinks into by-the-numbers territory 	UNK
more enjoyable than i expected 	UNK
at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness 	UNK
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic 	UNK
about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook . 	UNK
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- 	UNK
's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can 	UNK
manages , with terrific flair 	UNK
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham 	UNK
on both sides it falls short 	UNK
marvelous series 	UNK
does n't have all the answers 	UNK
the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray 	UNK
seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags 	UNK
the filmmaker would disagree 	UNK
connection or identification frustratingly 	UNK
provide insight 	UNK
turned out to be a one-trick pony 	UNK
's hard to resist 	UNK
found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally 	UNK
rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek 	UNK
short running 	UNK
fake , dishonest 	UNK
... begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully . 	UNK
then you 're in for a painful ride . 	UNK
director hoffman , his writer and kline 's agent should serve detention 	UNK
inspired '' was a lot funnier 	UNK
can do even more damage 	UNK
a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing 	UNK
encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity 	UNK
quiet , confident 	UNK
a legal thriller 	UNK
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound . 	UNK
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep . 	UNK
's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer 	UNK
feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo 	UNK
you do n't care who fires the winning shot 	UNK
can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 	UNK
better described as a ghost story gone badly awry . 	UNK
affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad 	UNK
, thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy . 	UNK
mind crappy movies as much as adults , 	UNK
deliberately and skillfully 	UNK
insomnia is one of the year 's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances 	UNK
too many films 	UNK
banal , virulently unpleasant excuse 	UNK
an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen 	UNK
are both superb , while huppert ... is magnificent . 	UNK
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale 	UNK
smile-button faces 	UNK
admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies . 	UNK
like mike shoots and scores 	UNK
the none-too-original premise 	UNK
once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue 	UNK
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration . 	UNK
leave us with a sense of wonder 	UNK
barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle 	UNK
to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television 	UNK
did n't care . 	UNK
precocious 	UNK
dog soldiers does n't transcend genre 	UNK
a twisted sense of humor 	UNK
the power-lunchers do n't care to understand 	UNK
performers who rarely work in movies now 	UNK
that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original 	UNK
live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it 	UNK
utilizing 	UNK
balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , 	UNK
the proverbial paint dry 	UNK
once again strands his superb performers in the same old story . 	UNK
bad and 	UNK
ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant 	UNK
michel 	UNK
( 	UNK
deeply humanistic artist 	UNK
the good and different idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` never again . '' 	UNK
for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance 	UNK
a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical 	UNK
as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema 	UNK
the only thing to fear about `` fear dot com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film . 	UNK
personal tragedy and 	UNK
is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia 	UNK
repetitive 	UNK
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs . 	UNK
despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed . 	UNK
the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children 	UNK
joyful 	UNK
, thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks . 	UNK
they could have been in a more ambitious movie 	UNK
hard to be emotional 	UNK
as a pink slip 	UNK
was reading the minds of the audience . 	UNK
your pulse ever racing 	UNK
ca n't miss it . 	UNK
interesting and 	UNK
the package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped 	UNK
is first-rate , especially sorvino . 	UNK
anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels 	UNK
of the outstanding thrillers of recent years 	UNK
purports 	UNK
there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff 	UNK
with the best of herzog 's works 	UNK
's plenty to enjoy 	UNK
designed as a reverie about memory and regret , 	UNK
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem 	UNK
is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness 	UNK
that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action 	UNK
the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't hollywood think of this sooner ? 	UNK
excellent 	UNK
incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap 	UNK
play out realistically if not always fairly . 	UNK
imitation movie 	UNK
let the subtitles fool you 	UNK
a morbid one 	UNK
's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow 	UNK
achingly honest 	UNK
nice little story 	UNK
better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh . 	UNK
tiresome as 9 	UNK
mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart 	UNK
a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace 	UNK
, a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own . 	UNK
the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks 	UNK
its awkward structure and a final veering 	UNK
is beautiful and mysterious 	UNK
is very original 	UNK
, it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out . 	UNK
a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation 	UNK
a confusing drudgery . 	UNK
sitting through this one 	UNK
it 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one . 	UNK
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , 	UNK
is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another . 	UNK
thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks . 	UNK
remarkable performances 	UNK
possibly the worst film 	UNK
the three leads produce adequate performances , 	UNK
confusing 	UNK
a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways 	UNK
a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over 	UNK
historically significant work 	UNK
is exceedingly pleasant 	UNK
the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time 	UNK
's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone 	UNK
compelling new material 	UNK
this distinguished actor would stoop so low 	UNK
this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special 	UNK
is surely 	UNK
's far from a groundbreaking endeavor 	UNK
probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters 	UNK
exhilarating new interpretation 	UNK
that 's been done before 	UNK
chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and 	UNK
sweet 	UNK
an intelligent movie 	UNK
's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role 	UNK
hollywood fluff 	UNK
manipulative 	UNK
like ravel 's bolero 	UNK
a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies 	UNK
overcome his personal obstacles and 	UNK
sam mendes 	UNK
create something original 	UNK
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , the last kiss is really all about performances . 	UNK
be smarter and more diabolical 	UNK
even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making 	UNK
if good-hearted 	UNK
is n't heated properly , 	UNK
gets around to its real emotional business 	UNK
more than anything else , kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again . 	UNK
that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees 	UNK
is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness . 	UNK
, hollywood is sordid and disgusting . 	UNK
stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener 	UNK
her defiance 	UNK
a 90-minute , four-star movie 	UNK
is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst 	UNK
downright creepy 	UNK
a limp eddie murphy 	UNK
have potential 	UNK
, lacks fellowship 's heart 	UNK
a sun-drenched masterpiece , 	UNK
obnoxious and didactic burlesque 	UNK
this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . 	UNK
are sexy 	UNK
extraordinary debut from josh koury . 	UNK
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments 	UNK
scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation 	UNK
bad bluescreen 	UNK
empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... 	UNK
cheapen 	UNK
to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation 	UNK
as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , 	UNK
who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation 	UNK
treasure 	UNK
thoroughly enjoyed the love story 	UNK
be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story 	UNK
sparkling newcomer 	UNK
the paper-thin characterizations 	UNK
takes big bloody chomps out 	UNK
have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue 	UNK
impress about e.t. 	UNK
the talents of his top-notch creative team 	UNK
laughably , irredeemably awful . 	UNK
is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life . 	UNK
than its fair share of saucy 	UNK
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly ... 	UNK
enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne 	UNK
inspirational love story 	UNK
pile too many `` serious issues '' 	UNK
take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride 	UNK
is conversational bordering on confessional 	UNK
effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us 	UNK
have a good shot 	UNK
strong as always 	UNK
one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another 	UNK
watered down 	UNK
reverent , and subtly different 	UNK
the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen 	UNK
a good idea 	UNK
the jokes are flat , 	UNK
the director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff . 	UNK
especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera 	UNK
grab your kids and run and then probably call the police 	UNK
sitcom-worthy solutions 	UNK
an intensely lived time 	UNK
plotting and mindless 	UNK
to add the magic that made it all work 	UNK
is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying 	UNK
an object lesson in period filmmaking 	UNK
air of gentle longing 	UNK
while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift 	UNK
though tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . 	UNK
the best comedy concert movie i 've seen since cho 's previous concert comedy film 	UNK
than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run 	UNK
insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . 	UNK
is a career-defining revelation . 	UNK
funny and fun 	UNK
witty dialog between realistic characters 	UNK
, why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? 	UNK
the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film 	UNK
doze off during this one 	UNK
watch , giggle 	UNK
a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters 	UNK
expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape 	UNK
all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad 	UNK
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr. chips off the old block 	UNK
baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic 	UNK
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film 	UNK
romantic , riveting and handsomely animated . 	UNK
by its own pretentious self-examination 	UNK
it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it . 	UNK
turmoil 	UNK
long-faced sad sack 	UNK
a flawed but engrossing thriller 	UNK
a rude black comedy 	UNK
pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart 	UNK
christian love 	UNK
douglas mcgrath 's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically . 	UNK
the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life 	UNK
the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre . 	UNK
understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 	UNK
marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue . 	UNK
sickeningly 	UNK
strangely funny 	UNK
the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency 	UNK
a perfect medium 	UNK
plays like a tired tyco ad . 	UNK
while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place 	UNK
sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it . 	UNK
if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours 	UNK
a classy , sprightly spin on film . 	UNK
is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes 	UNK
makes the grade as tawdry trash . 	UNK
hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it . 	UNK
of extraordinary journalism 	UNK
turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy . 	UNK
pill to swallow 	UNK
's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it 	UNK
dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder 	UNK
is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor 	UNK
too clear 	UNK
are simply dazzling , 	UNK
raw urban humor 	UNK
returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension 	UNK
on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film 	UNK
you 're likely to see all year . 	UNK
forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining . 	UNK
a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind 	UNK
tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation . 	UNK
the funny bone 	UNK
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , 	UNK
bad taste 	UNK
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it 	UNK
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and 	UNK
career - kids = misery ) 	UNK
a bad premise , just 	UNK
nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper 	UNK
recite some of this laughable dialogue 	UNK
mandy moore leaves a positive impression 	UNK
it 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition . 	UNK
the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past 	UNK
the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon 	UNK
more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' 	UNK
laughs are lacking 	UNK
for easy , seductive pacing 	UNK
in this elegant entertainment 	UNK
too good to be bad 	UNK
a lot of warmth 	UNK
, every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel . 	UNK
christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists 	UNK
a vibrant and intoxicating fashion 	UNK
'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget . 	UNK
big-budget/all-star movie 	UNK
meaningless 	UNK
that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad 	UNK
is as consistently engaging as it is revealing 	UNK
portray themselves 	UNK
, ( goldbacher ) just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human . 	UNK
to really care 	UNK
take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire 	UNK
same old garbage 	UNK
the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half 	UNK
but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner 	UNK
a passion for the material 	UNK
is a fascinating little tale . 	UNK
skip this dreck , rent animal house 	UNK
is that it goes nowhere 	UNK
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care 	UNK
the most resolutely unreligious parents 	UNK
seeking an existent anti-virus 	UNK
part biography , part entertainment 	UNK
goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 	UNK
'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen . 	UNK
's like having an old friend for dinner ' . 	UNK
so compelling 	UNK
fails to fascinate 	UNK
i have a new favorite musical -- 	UNK
common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha . 	UNK
of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 	UNK
sink this ` sub ' 	UNK
once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me 	UNK
a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... 	UNK
found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances 	UNK
enough sardonic 	UNK
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun . 	UNK
seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 	UNK
that seagal 's overweight and out of shape 	UNK
ca n't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness . 	UNK
in a bid to hold our attention 	UNK
it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead 	UNK
of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions 	UNK
to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort 	UNK
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone 	UNK
ditsy 	UNK
grace 	UNK
detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world 	UNK
sweet , and intermittently hilarious 	UNK
far more often than the warfare 	UNK
you feel like a chump 	UNK
is n't a bad film 	UNK
self-flagellation 	UNK
it makes up for in heart . 	UNK
its title implies 	UNK
was worth your seven bucks 	UNK
corny dialogue and preposterous moments 	UNK
topic 	UNK
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational 	UNK
to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 	UNK
organic intrigue 	UNK
car chase 	UNK
help this movie one bit 	UNK
the rock on a wal-mart budget 	UNK
evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean . 	UNK
is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form 	UNK
so aggressively cheery 	UNK
cut their losses -- and ours -- and 	UNK
would be terrific to read about 	UNK
bewilderingly 	UNK
, it 's awfully entertaining to watch . 	UNK
oddly colorful and 	UNK
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child 	UNK
is clearly a good thing 	UNK
frustrating 	UNK
than franchise possibilities 	UNK
but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed . 	UNK
do n't know what she 's doing in here 	UNK
romp that 's always fun to watch 	UNK
, one would hope for the best 	UNK
of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us 	UNK
a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much 	UNK
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , 	UNK
as mushy as peas 	UNK
is a genuinely bone-chilling tale 	UNK
these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes 	UNK
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , 	UNK
incoherence and sub-sophomoric 	UNK
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare 	UNK
would n't make trouble every day any better 	UNK
a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque 	UNK
such a graphic treatment of the crimes 	UNK
into a deadly bore 	UNK
rich , shadowy black-and-white 	UNK
a fascinating glimpse of urban life 	UNK
the film sits with square conviction 	UNK
one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen 	UNK
while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle . 	UNK
have a 90-minute , four-star movie 	UNK
great writer 	UNK
remarkable movie 	UNK
, the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about . 	UNK
, well-crafted psychological study 	UNK
through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause 	UNK
thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser 	UNK
in a summer overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway . 	UNK
to be genuinely satisfying 	UNK
a genre gem 	UNK
to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags 	UNK
sylvie testud is icily brilliant . 	UNK
chillingly 	UNK
politically charged 	UNK
witty , vibrant , and intelligent . 	UNK
seem less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine 	UNK
the perfect star vehicle 	UNK
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release . 	UNK
befuddling 	UNK
's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents 	UNK
the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . 	UNK
becoming a better person through love 	UNK
what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons 	UNK
the last kiss is really all about performances . 	UNK
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , 	UNK
a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny 	UNK
it 's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered . 	UNK
that might have made no such thing 	UNK
gondry 's direction is adequate 	UNK
experimentation and improvisation 	UNK
`` superior '' 	UNK
the extraordinarily rich landscape 	UNK
clever ways 	UNK
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable 	UNK
fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds . 	UNK
off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all . 	UNK
a movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues ' 	UNK
thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies 	UNK
leonine power 	UNK
so primitive in technique 	UNK
how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights 	UNK
some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier 	UNK
bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery 	UNK
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you 	UNK
the skills of a calculus major at m.i.t. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ? 	UNK
both excellent 	UNK
groan 	UNK
's also too stupid 	UNK
supernatural thriller 	UNK
`` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? '' 	UNK
exquisite , unfakable sense 	UNK
captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock 	UNK
a ray of hope 	UNK
obvious or self-indulgent 	UNK
dated and unfunny 	UNK
a slow death 	UNK
impassive a manner 	UNK
the movie 's captivating details are all in the performances , from foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster . 	UNK
, harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects . 	UNK
has no point and 	UNK
the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with . 	UNK
shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated 	UNK
never once predictable . 	UNK
stick to his day job 	UNK
every joke is repeated at least four times . 	UNK
a serious contender for the title 	UNK
is pure , exciting moviemaking . 	UNK
set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock . 	UNK
( reynolds ) takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch . 	UNK
calm , self-assured portrait 	UNK
can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken 	UNK
extends to his supple understanding of the role 	UNK
on the whole , you 're gon na like this movie . 	UNK
is ultimately 	UNK
is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time 	UNK
a quaint 	UNK
is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction 	UNK
's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team . 	UNK
the characters seem one-dimensional , 	UNK
the timeless spectacle of people 	UNK
does little that is actually funny with the material 	UNK
most frightening 	UNK
it 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead . 	UNK
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story 	UNK
harmless fun . 	UNK
large-format 	UNK
constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 	UNK
's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , 	UNK
around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears 	UNK
's both charming and 	UNK
soulful , scathing and joyous 	UNK
the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow 	UNK
an ` a ' list cast 	UNK
, those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime . 	UNK
got 	UNK
you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie 	UNK
a decomposition 	UNK
feels impersonal , almost generic 	UNK
has a compelling story to tell . 	UNK
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller 	UNK
, one the public rarely sees . 	UNK
of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements 	UNK
pained 	UNK
lost his touch 	UNK
is too long with too little going on . 	UNK
is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script 	UNK
, accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. . 	UNK
` just letting the mountain tell you what to do 	UNK
is a visual treat 	UNK
powerfully evocative mood 	UNK
a must-own 	UNK
hilarious place to visit 	UNK
performed a difficult task indeed 	UNK
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating 	UNK
ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation . 	UNK
cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure 	UNK
luckiest 	UNK
, i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances . 	UNK
aged past his prime 	UNK
the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters . 	UNK
hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes . 	UNK
often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy 	UNK
its own clichés 	UNK
a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; 	UNK
there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' but it is not what is on the screen 	UNK
the first lousy guy ritchie imitation 	UNK
a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth 	UNK
occasion 	UNK
to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater 	UNK
concept doofus 	UNK
get a kick out of goofy brits 	UNK
that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters 	UNK
serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination . 	UNK
a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling 	UNK
( and fairly unbelievable ) finale 	UNK
only scratches the surface 	UNK
something vital about the movie 	UNK
an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal 	UNK
is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience 	UNK
cinematic postcard 	UNK
a thriller 	UNK
's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires . 	UNK
... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland . 	UNK
that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 	UNK
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , 	UNK
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , 	UNK
a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture . 	UNK
might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about . 	UNK
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place . 	UNK
natural and 	UNK
bargain-basement special 	UNK
no wit , only labored gags 	UNK
has a huge heart 	UNK
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds . 	UNK
puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers 	UNK
look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten 	UNK
a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence 	UNK
in amusing us 	UNK
it was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo . 	UNK
the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america 	UNK
quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic 	UNK
it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise . 	UNK
this three-hour endurance test 	UNK
well-paced and 	UNK
unexpectedly sweet story 	UNK
awfully good , achingly human 	UNK
the heart of the film 	UNK
like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it 	UNK
the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear 	UNK
of his reserved but existential poignancy 	UNK
creative animation work 	UNK
it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance . 	UNK
really get inside of them 	UNK
lust and love 	UNK
that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened 	UNK
helped give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears 	UNK
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' 	UNK
laughing 	UNK
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 . 	UNK
is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , 	UNK
ominous mood and tension 	UNK
competent direction 	UNK
burns 's strongest film 	UNK
hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory 	UNK
want a real movie 	UNK
hollywood disregard 	UNK
weaving a theme throughout this funny film 	UNK
a potentially good comic premise 	UNK
a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing 	UNK
i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format 	UNK
soulless techno-tripe 	UNK
to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart 	UNK
originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller 	UNK
of continuity errors 	UNK
it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy 	UNK
sent back to the tailor for some major alterations 	UNK
none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , 	UNK
is left slightly unfulfilled 	UNK
deserving of its oscar nomination 	UNK
the journey is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride . 	UNK
not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose 	UNK
the poor quality of pokemon 4 	UNK
joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature . 	UNK
likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies 	UNK
lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , 	UNK
the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative 	UNK
rock solid family fun 	UNK
will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes . 	UNK
a barf bag 	UNK
300 years of russian history and culture 	UNK
winning portrayal 	UNK
of warmth and humor 	UNK
sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick 	UNK
will have you talking 'til the end of the year 	UNK
that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing 	UNK
cliched 	UNK
the real-life story is genuinely inspirational 	UNK
wonderfully warm 	UNK
, interestingly told film . 	UNK
the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired . 	UNK
too many tried-and-true shenanigans 	UNK
seem more like medicine 	UNK
a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich 	UNK
emotionally intense 	UNK
a bump on the head 	UNK
friendship , love , and 	UNK
comedies to hit the screen in years 	UNK
ultimately fails 	UNK
the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid 	UNK
refreshingly realistic , 	UNK
it 's a sad , sick sight 	UNK
... rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle . 	UNK
appealing about the characters 	UNK
, potent exploration 	UNK
feel like a short stretched out to feature length 	UNK
a recycled and dumbed-down version 	UNK
energy and wit to entertain all ages 	UNK
she gets to fulfill her dreams 	UNK
be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming 	UNK
that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent 	UNK
a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie 	UNK
, elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry . 	UNK
tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough 	UNK
sweet , funny , charming , and 	UNK
by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy 	UNK
how to make us share their enthusiasm 	UNK
loosely tied 	UNK
feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick 	UNK
which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again 	UNK
rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - 	UNK
except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it 	UNK
a lovely film ... 	UNK
create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time 	UNK
well worthwhile 	UNK
feels the dimming of a certain ambition 	UNK
is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much 	UNK
for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference 	UNK
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling 	UNK
its writer-director 's 	UNK
it 's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all . 	UNK
bomb 	UNK
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised 	UNK
skip the film and 	UNK
colorfully 	UNK
the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen 	UNK
who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world 	UNK
it is 	UNK
convincing 	UNK
bits funnier 	UNK
that stubbornly refused to gel 	UNK
has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness . 	UNK
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting . 	UNK
all the bad things 	UNK
is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane . 	UNK
the enticing prospect 	UNK
prettiest pictures 	UNK
engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks 	UNK
this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent 	UNK
from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired 	UNK
are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels 	UNK
is laughingly 	UNK
is more than a movie 	UNK
perfectly rendered 	UNK
hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art . 	UNK
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make ` cherish ' a very good ( but not great ) movie . 	UNK
suspenseful 	UNK
intriguing and honorable 	UNK
about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise 	UNK
like a fish that 's lived too long 	UNK
is more accurately chabrolian . 	UNK
this is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny . 	UNK
deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance . 	UNK
found it weirdly appealing 	UNK
it 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled 	UNK
has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors 	UNK
smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy 	UNK
contemplation 	UNK
exciting documentary . 	UNK
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it . 	UNK
plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air 	UNK
a compelling piece 	UNK
beautifully sung holiday carol 	UNK
best work 	UNK
famous moments 	UNK
he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit 	UNK
lovely and amazing 	UNK
nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences 	UNK
, in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic 	UNK
it unexpectedly rewarding 	UNK
's no rooting interest 	UNK
forgettable 	UNK
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination 	UNK
downright comically evil 	UNK
preachy and clichéd 	UNK
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness 	UNK
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness 	UNK
through its otherwise comic narrative 	UNK
enlivens 	UNK
dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances 	UNK
a great american adventure and 	UNK
the director 's talent 	UNK
the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . 	UNK
the film 's intimate camera work and searing performances 	UNK
the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves . 	UNK
` wow ' factor 	UNK
is well crafted , and well executed 	UNK
very stupid and annoying 	UNK
it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt . 	UNK
that it 's also one of the smartest 	UNK
contenders 	UNK
undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy 	UNK
i wo n't be sitting through this one again 	UNK
this movie has the usual impossible stunts ... but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie . 	UNK
put through torture for an hour and a half 	UNK
a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with 	UNK
landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch 	UNK
most wondrous 	UNK
the movie is without intent . 	UNK
incredibly captivating and insanely funny 	UNK
, the four feathers comes up short 	UNK
the most entertaining monster movies 	UNK
stellar 	UNK
keep it from being simpleminded 	UNK
visual flair 	UNK
done-to-death material 	UNK
bad people 	UNK
it is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this . 	UNK
( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards 	UNK
donovan ... squanders his main asset 	UNK
rude and 	UNK
stink bomb . 	UNK
i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign . 	UNK
irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs . 	UNK
attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing 	UNK
much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen 	UNK
strip it of all its excess debris , 	UNK
i wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways . 	UNK
its pretensions 	UNK
throw smoochy from the train ! 	UNK
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin 	UNK
becomes compulsively watchable 	UNK
dull , 	UNK
work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse 	UNK
triteness 	UNK
evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain 	UNK
gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls 	UNK
is all the more remarkable because it 	UNK
keep it up 	UNK
certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories 	UNK
with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone 	UNK
unpleasantly 	UNK
if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened 	UNK
a return ticket 	UNK
hardened indie-heads 	UNK
a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless 	UNK
takes to describe how bad it is 	UNK
a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry 	UNK
movie rapes 	UNK
... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics . 	UNK
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade . 	UNK
rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language . 	UNK
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries 	UNK
snow dogs deserves every single one of them 	UNK
incredibly layered and stylistic film 	UNK
at a snail 's pace 	UNK
a better satiric target 	UNK
flair and bouncing bravado 	UNK
a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at . 	UNK
get weird , 	UNK
the execution is pretty weary 	UNK
is at once intimate and universal cinema 	UNK
complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days 	UNK
surgeon mends 	UNK
will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering 	UNK
flawless film , ( wang ) 	UNK
no palpable chemistry 	UNK
's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull 	UNK
uncreative 	UNK
its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing 	UNK
is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery . 	UNK
a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye 	UNK
lustrous polished 	UNK
offers an interesting look 	UNK
can not engage 	UNK
translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya . 	UNK
how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible 	UNK
as visually bland 	UNK
look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role 	UNK
this somewhat tired premise 	UNK
are your cup of blood 	UNK
limps along 	UNK
a terrific effort 	UNK
go down in the annals of cinema 	UNK
remarkably original work 	UNK
it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers 	UNK
excruciatingly unfunny and 	UNK
its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 	UNK
unmistakable , easy joie 	UNK
, touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot 	UNK
imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects 	UNK
entirely stale concept 	UNK
will amuse or entertain them 	UNK
wobbly premise work 	UNK
drifts aimlessly 	UNK
town 	UNK
is an uneven film for the most part 	UNK
does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers 	UNK
of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves 	UNK
is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism 	UNK
a cold movie 	UNK
hard-sell image-mongering 	UNK
what begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters . 	UNK
story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre 	UNK
lie 	UNK
, its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes . 	UNK
less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese 	UNK
interesting and accessible 	UNK
has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness . 	UNK
, remote , emotionally distant piece 	UNK
crime drama 	UNK
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical . 	UNK
's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all . 	UNK
sexy , and rousing 	UNK
may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry . 	UNK
a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness 	UNK
, the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues . 	UNK
its premise is smart 	UNK
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun 	UNK
for a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped . 	UNK
's tv sitcom material at best 	UNK
resident evil 	UNK
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers . 	UNK
the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and 	UNK
forget its absurdity . 	UNK
was kind of terrific once 	UNK
mind-numbing indifference 	UNK
ambition but no sense of pride or shame 	UNK
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though 	UNK
a crucial third act miscalculation 	UNK
the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project 	UNK
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel 	UNK
the soulful nuances 	UNK
shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles 	UNK
value whatsoever 	UNK
tricky and satisfying 	UNK
, cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience . 	UNK
originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies 	UNK
's very beavis and butthead , 	UNK
sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions 	UNK
ripoff 	UNK
is long on narrative and ( too ) short 	UNK
hastily written 	UNK
has some problems 	UNK
remains vividly in memory long 	UNK
made the first one charming 	UNK
take it 	UNK
a fifty car pileup of cliches 	UNK
're struggling to create . 	UNK
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions . 	UNK
it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad 	UNK
improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary 	UNK
highly uneven and inconsistent 	UNK
still-raw emotions 	UNK
clint eastwood 's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same . 	UNK
overladen with plot conceits 	UNK
assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony 	UNK
into clichés 	UNK
big stars and high production values are standard procedure 	UNK
captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path . 	UNK
is one big , dumb action movie . 	UNK
must be the end of the world 	UNK
coordinated his own dv poetry 	UNK
leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends . 	UNK
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people 	UNK
yes , but also intriguing and honorable , 	UNK
is instead a cheap cliché 	UNK
a modestly surprising movie . 	UNK
keep it interested 	UNK
the very definition of epic adventure 	UNK
jams too many prefabricated story elements 	UNK
is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be 	UNK
in the same old story 	UNK
a compelling , gut-clutching piece 	UNK
should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters . 	UNK
frozen tundra soap opera 	UNK
the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable . 	UNK
cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults 	UNK
embraces life in public 	UNK
is generally quite funny . 	UNK
showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches 	UNK
a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 	UNK
the fierce grandeur 	UNK
de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season . 	UNK
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun 	UNK
feeble comedy 	UNK
thought-provoking 	UNK
michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously . 	UNK
have bitterly forsaken 	UNK
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered . 	UNK
with some fine acting 	UNK
do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold 	UNK
lee 's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability . 	UNK
consummate actor 	UNK
to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal 	UNK
rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative . 	UNK
pungent bite 	UNK
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie 	UNK
exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters . 	UNK
a stirring visual sequence 	UNK
darned assured 	UNK
plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast 	UNK
dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . 	UNK
are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work . 	UNK
an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending 	UNK
thoroughly awful 	UNK
technically superb 	UNK
a dashing and resourceful hero 	UNK
with heart 	UNK
cutesy romantic tale 	UNK
sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys 	UNK
irritating 	UNK
dopey 	UNK
, one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else . 	UNK
the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series . 	UNK
that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 	UNK
dullard 	UNK
this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem . 	UNK
sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating 	UNK
eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece 	UNK
instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos . 	UNK
about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances 	UNK
a more sheerly beautiful film 	UNK
is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time 	UNK
snide and prejudice 	UNK
from both a great and a terrible story , mr. nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience . 	UNK
a movie with a bigger , fatter heart 	UNK
had more to do with imagination than market research 	UNK
was n't at least watchable 	UNK
sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago . 	UNK
engaging and intimate 	UNK
blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest . 	UNK
a brilliant , absurd collection 	UNK
's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels . 	UNK
this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 . 	UNK
expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup . 	UNK
almost as offensive 	UNK
will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster . 	UNK
fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller 	UNK
i liked the movie , 	UNK
really vocalized 	UNK
the lion king 	UNK
is a winner 	UNK
a new favorite musical 	UNK
the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself 	UNK
captain 	UNK
with jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . 	UNK
too little excitement and zero compelling storyline 	UNK
flaws 	UNK
that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about 	UNK
a re-hash of the other seven films 	UNK
a well-made pizza 	UNK
noticeably less energy and imagination 	UNK
there 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish . 	UNK
, beloved genres 	UNK
's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies 	UNK
collapses into an inhalant blackout 	UNK
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- 	UNK
a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what 	UNK
the hype , the celebrity , 	UNK
the best advice is : ` scooby ' do n't . 	UNK
the modern master of the chase sequence 	UNK
much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present 	UNK
serve no other purpose 	UNK
both overplayed and exaggerated 	UNK
that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other 	UNK
, this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll . 	UNK
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special . 	UNK
easy to make such a worthless film 	UNK
to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins 	UNK
so crass 	UNK
about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length 	UNK
's nowhere near as exciting as either . 	UNK
precious little of either 	UNK
that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart . 	UNK
extraordinarily 	UNK
be as bored watching morvern callar 	UNK
crisp framing , edgy camera work , and 	UNK
fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film . 	UNK
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina 	UNK
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see . 	UNK
big , fat , dumb 	UNK
spreads itself too thin , 	UNK
a rumor of angels should dispel it . 	UNK
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks ( at least during their '70s heyday ) comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature . 	UNK
while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter 	UNK
solid pedigree 	UNK
's the element of condescension , 	UNK
from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school 	UNK
better off staying on the festival circuit 	UNK
exciting and well-paced 	UNK
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous . 	UNK
if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie . 	UNK
to mention absolutely refreshed 	UNK
a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy 	UNK
beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game 	UNK
staggeringly dreadful romance . 	UNK
the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely 	UNK
into a future they wo n't much care about 	UNK
it is n't much fun . 	UNK
just does n't work 	UNK
, achingly human 	UNK
it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny 	UNK
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten 	UNK
with memorable zingers 	UNK
final verdict : you 've seen it all before . 	UNK
affectingly 	UNK
starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers 	UNK
been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again 	UNK
becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship 	UNK
) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . 	UNK
great submarine stories 	UNK
of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement 	UNK
at his 12th oscar nomination 	UNK
managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood 	UNK
little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) 	UNK
seem at least passably real 	UNK
not exactly assured in its execution 	UNK
is a big time stinker 	UNK
a bland , surfacey way 	UNK
who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest 	UNK
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but 	UNK
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world 	UNK
as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus 	UNK
looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes 	UNK
a peculiar malaise that renders its tension 	UNK
be delightfully compatible here 	UNK
is among wiseman 's warmest 	UNK
interminably bleak 	UNK
naïveté and arbitrary 	UNK
witless mess 	UNK
oddly fascinating depiction 	UNK
a stylish cast and 	UNK
dropped 	UNK
more confused 	UNK
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache 	UNK
a pleasure 	UNK
no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us 	UNK
is a commanding screen presence 	UNK
something that really matters 	UNK
offers no easy , comfortable resolution 	UNK
only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick 	UNK
those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 	UNK
hard , endearing , caring , warm . 	UNK
lack-of-attention span 	UNK
clever by about nine-tenths 	UNK
forget 	UNK
the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 	UNK
too dry and 	UNK
into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 	UNK
imaginative kid 's movie 	UNK
to surrealism and black comedy 	UNK
the sheer ugliness of everything else 	UNK
on shame 	UNK
that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other 	UNK
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , 	UNK
american and 	UNK
fine , old-fashioned-movie movie 	UNK
rooting against , 	UNK
overly-familiar 	UNK
missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play 	UNK
exploitation piece 	UNK
stuffy 	UNK
you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy 	UNK
an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter 	UNK
ten 	UNK
the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack 	UNK
a reader 's digest condensed version 	UNK
transcends culture and race 	UNK
brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . 	UNK
that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny 	UNK
there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat 	UNK
but seriously , folks , it does n't work . 	UNK
the execution 	UNK
offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , 	UNK
that should be used to burn every print of the film 	UNK
thoroughly involving 	UNK
more than a little pretentious 	UNK
wilco fans will have a great time , 	UNK
a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment 	UNK
a bad movie that 	UNK
failure . 	UNK
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed 	UNK
that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack 	UNK
cheap shocks 	UNK
the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences 	UNK
the worst -- and only -- killer website movie 	UNK
's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny . 	UNK
a glorified sitcom 	UNK
reasonable 	UNK
just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years 	UNK
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race . 	UNK
as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it 	UNK
set in a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york . 	UNK
the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long 	UNK
all over this `` un-bear-able '' project 	UNK
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs . 	UNK
clean-cut 	UNK
wonderfully funny 	UNK
is never able to pull it back on course . 	UNK
helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses 	UNK
ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel 	UNK
disorientated 	UNK
it arrives 	UNK
enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension 	UNK
the son of the bride 's humor is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues . 	UNK
focus 	UNK
exuberance and passion 	UNK
65-minute trifle 	UNK
as the very best of them 	UNK
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings 	UNK
disguise the fact 	UNK
a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy 	UNK
to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence 	UNK
exasperating 	UNK
be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' 	UNK
incredible subtlety and acumen 	UNK
droning 	UNK
two of those well spent 	UNK
shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action . 	UNK
only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm . 	UNK
that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby 	UNK
there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit 	UNK
bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid . 	UNK
the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor 	UNK
glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit . 	UNK
such blatant and sickening product placement 	UNK
have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way 	UNK
captivating new film . 	UNK
to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project 	UNK
making it par for the course for disney sequels 	UNK
gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug 	UNK
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short 	UNK
needing other people 	UNK
it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun . 	UNK
ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling 	UNK
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left 	UNK
acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover 	UNK
oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material 	UNK
trailer-trash style . 	UNK
wonderfully edited 	UNK
's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie 	UNK
imax trip 	UNK
an intelligent screenplay and 	UNK
so vivid a portrait 	UNK
jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart . 	UNK
spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry 	UNK
mention `` solaris '' five years from now and i 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share . 	UNK
in the knowledge imparted 	UNK
has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate 	UNK
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world 	UNK
it 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true . 	UNK
what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender 	UNK
, implausible 	UNK
with its wry observations 	UNK
it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers 	UNK
handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch 	UNK
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league 	UNK
unrelentingly grim -- and 	UNK
sweetest thing 	UNK
in the end , tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in . 	UNK
the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent 	UNK
biography channel 	UNK
the tuxedo was n't just bad 	UNK
i admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time . 	UNK
less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades 	UNK
with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley , paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work . 	UNK
quite vapid 	UNK
well-done 	UNK
i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material 	UNK
its awkward structure and 	UNK
a powerful commentary 	UNK
recalls 	UNK
it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time 	UNK
the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of showgirls . 	UNK
people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny 	UNK
, history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence 	UNK
will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy . 	UNK
goofiest stuff 	UNK
pleased 	UNK
short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy 	UNK
dramatic experience . 	UNK
quirky and satirical touches 	UNK
quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film 	UNK
'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie 	UNK
it 's wasted yours 	UNK
armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud 	UNK
a change in expression 	UNK
is that it 's far too sentimental 	UNK
treats the subject with fondness and respect 	UNK
that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other 	UNK
amusing study 	UNK
championship material 	UNK
laughed 	UNK
is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture 	UNK
seriousness and quality 	UNK
to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting 	UNK
unabashedly romantic 	UNK
has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , 	UNK
is sincere 	UNK
comedic employment 	UNK
wrong things 	UNK
carrying this wafer-thin movie 	UNK
a good music documentary 	UNK
enhances the excellent performances 	UNK
witty , whimsical feature 	UNK
effective if you stick with it 	UNK
( a ) boldly stroked , luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain . 	UNK
that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good 	UNK
like done-to-death material 	UNK
goofy pleasure 	UNK
vin diesel is the man . 	UNK
with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd . 	UNK
efficient 	UNK
talkiness is n't necessarily bad 	UNK
without merit 	UNK
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation . 	UNK
, this could be a passable date film . 	UNK
trash-cinema roots 	UNK
the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class . 	UNK
running on empty , 	UNK
insanely dysfunctional 	UNK
the scenic splendor 	UNK
show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song 	UNK
sickening thud 	UNK
arnold is not , nor will he be , back 	UNK
the new film is a lame kiddie flick 	UNK
should please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel 	UNK
like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders 	UNK
to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings 	UNK
of clean and sober 	UNK
squashed 	UNK
to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life 	UNK
barely makes it any less entertaining 	UNK
intriguing 	UNK
the action as gripping 	UNK
his life-altering experiences 	UNK
good enough 	UNK
dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects 	UNK
with most intelligent viewers 	UNK
show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 	UNK
sweet as greenfingers 	UNK
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness 	UNK
and twisted characters 	UNK
unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one . 	UNK
his film overwhelmed 	UNK
insipid script 	UNK
a complex web 	UNK
late marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love . 	UNK
's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing 	UNK
is to be cherished . 	UNK
of the most splendid 	UNK
more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat 	UNK
the lord 	UNK
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , 	UNK
you 've actually spent time living in another community 	UNK
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company 	UNK
tries to seem sincere , and just 	UNK
of that delicate canon 	UNK
frustrates 	UNK
we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , 	UNK
were insulted 	UNK
it 's not very good either . 	UNK
were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man 	UNK
cult film 	UNK
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so 	UNK
it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste . 	UNK
lucid work 	UNK
much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame 	UNK
genteel and unsurprising the execution 	UNK
think of a film more cloyingly 	UNK
too loud 	UNK
movie nothing 	UNK
for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham 	UNK
nonjudgmental kind 	UNK
fails to keep it up and settles into clichés 	UNK
see this piece of crap again 	UNK
it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film 	UNK
had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce 	UNK
with universal appeal 	UNK
stuck in an inarticulate screenplay 	UNK
brilliantly written 	UNK
it 's an entertaining and informative documentary . 	UNK
radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film . 	UNK
that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders 	UNK
to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once 	UNK
manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience . 	UNK
to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography 	UNK
capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter 	UNK
an enjoyable 	UNK
of a typical american horror film 	UNK
an admirable 	UNK
if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 . 	UNK
raised to a new , self-deprecating level 	UNK
, like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with 	UNK
goes on and on to the point of nausea 	UNK
the film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story 	UNK
metaphysical claptrap 	UNK
, smart , savvy , compelling 	UNK
( washington 's ) strong hand 	UNK
they were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn . 	UNK
a collectively stellar performance 	UNK
say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved 	UNK
substance and soul 	UNK
buy is an accomplished actress , and 	UNK
a long , dull procession of despair , 	UNK
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , 	UNK
familiar and predictable 	UNK
the achingly unfunny phonce 	UNK
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience . 	UNK
certain ambition 	UNK
the plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians 	UNK
tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy . 	UNK
easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking 	UNK
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe . 	UNK
yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie 	UNK
it 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' . 	UNK
the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . 	UNK
arnold schwarzenegger 	UNK
is barely 	UNK
the characters are based on stock clichés 	UNK
dying 	UNK
among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film 	UNK
dreamy and 	UNK
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely 	UNK
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and 	UNK
sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , 	UNK
carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it 	UNK
third-rate horror sequels 	UNK
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling . 	UNK
are quite touching 	UNK
of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry 	UNK
brainless 	UNK
not-so-funny gags , 	UNK
's actually watchable 	UNK
you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did . 	UNK
it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides 	UNK
seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense . 	UNK
fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage 	UNK
ferocity and 	UNK
a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis 	UNK
spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics 	UNK
the sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins . 	UNK
is so deadly dull 	UNK
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast 	UNK
what 's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ? 	UNK
does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories 	UNK
off-beat and fanciful film 	UNK
came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter 	UNK
, she is merely a charmless witch . 	UNK
rueful , wry humor 	UNK
you 're not merely watching history 	UNK
fairly revealing 	UNK
there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life 	UNK
it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans 	UNK
tiresome jokes 	UNK
a major director 	UNK
plenty of laughs 	UNK
solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and `` ocean 's eleven , '' never were . 	UNK
in addition to being very funny 	UNK
as lame and sophomoric 	UNK
of portraying the devastation of this disease 	UNK
sad , sick sight 	UNK
spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship 	UNK
trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults 	UNK
's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish 	UNK
this is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny 	UNK
of a genuine and singular artist 	UNK
that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it 	UNK
technically sumptuous but also 	UNK
ungainly 	UNK
comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel 	UNK
a delicious , quirky movie 	UNK
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . 	UNK
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) , but it feels like unrealized potential 	UNK
worth the price of admission 	UNK
's funniest and most likeable movie in years . 	UNK
, dishonest 	UNK
is having fun with it all 	UNK
does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago 	UNK
have n't laughed that hard in years 	UNK
miike 	UNK
is kinda wrong in places 	UNK
make interesting 	UNK
the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug 	UNK
are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front . 	UNK
very thrilling 	UNK
failed jokes 	UNK
's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all 	UNK
best sequel 	UNK
is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy . 	UNK
this facetious smirk 	UNK
fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director phillip ) noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill . 	UNK
few things more frustrating 	UNK
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre 	UNK
less a documentary and more propaganda 	UNK
, entertaining comedy 	UNK
convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here . 	UNK
pleasant and engaging enough 	UNK
, solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy 	UNK
if i want a real movie 	UNK
the character 's gripping humanity 	UNK
a thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric 	UNK
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice 	UNK
returning director rob minkoff ... and screenwriter bruce joel rubin 	UNK
fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard 	UNK
has all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability 	UNK
and resourceful hero 	UNK
for large-scale action and suspense 	UNK
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness 	UNK
stay afloat 	UNK
painfully 	UNK
if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ... 	UNK
can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars 	UNK
even kids deserve better . 	UNK
a better celebration 	UNK
too stagey , talky 	UNK
neil burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present . 	UNK
small , personal film 	UNK
an autopilot hollywood concoction 	UNK
of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile 	UNK
a skyscraper 	UNK
the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had 	UNK
guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen . 	UNK
drowned me in boredom . 	UNK
about in thick clouds of denial 	UNK
namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then . 	UNK
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and 	UNK
works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera . 	UNK
jerking off 	UNK
grade 	UNK
the journey is such a mesmerizing one 	UNK
starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable 	UNK
inane , humorless and under-inspired . 	UNK
is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be 	UNK
the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action 	UNK
historically significant , and 	UNK
gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance . 	UNK
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and 	UNK
humanity or empathy 	UNK
is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time . 	UNK
absurd lengths 	UNK
another love story in 2002 's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre . 	UNK
enough substance 	UNK
opened it up for all of us 	UNK
's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once 	UNK
they ca n't go wrong . 	UNK
the milieu is wholly unconvincing 	UNK
only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters 	UNK
, any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile . 	UNK
matinee price 	UNK
neatly constructed thriller . 	UNK
have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head 	UNK
before but never so vividly 	UNK
personal 	UNK
an athlete , a movie star , and 	UNK
to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone 	UNK
his impressively delicate range 	UNK
the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense 	UNK
gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record 	UNK
thriller junk 	UNK
a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier 	UNK
when you instantly know whodunit 	UNK
in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , 	UNK
fun , and 	UNK
's really just another major league . 	UNK
no unifying rhythm or visual style 	UNK
a warmth that is n't faked 	UNK
the terrifying message 	UNK
to a film about a family 's joyous life 	UNK
decent 	UNK
deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated . 	UNK
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish 	UNK
to overcome adversity 	UNK
one of those so-so films that could have been much better 	UNK
shows what great cinema can really do 	UNK
lazy 	UNK
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal 	UNK
the biggest disappointments of the year 	UNK
romantic 	UNK
for philosophers , not filmmakers 	UNK
derivativeness 	UNK
courage and 	UNK
the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while 	UNK
if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad . 	UNK
painful as the grey zone 	UNK
a backseat in his own film 	UNK
sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance 	UNK
romance , tragedy 	UNK
to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers 	UNK
's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters 	UNK
it 's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making . 	UNK
, standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill 	UNK
should have been a cutting hollywood satire 	UNK
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , 	UNK
awesome work 	UNK
is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see 	UNK
the most edgy piece 	UNK
offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through . 	UNK
sci-fi . 	UNK
consistency 	UNK
accomplished and richly resonant work . 	UNK
're left with a sour taste in your mouth 	UNK
nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks 	UNK
its unique feel 	UNK
been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept 	UNK
the piano teacher 	UNK
the film ) tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end 	UNK
a brainless flibbertigibbet 	UNK
simply stupid , irrelevant and 	UNK
bill plympton , the animation master , 	UNK
written , flatly , by david kendall and 	UNK
fleshed-out enough to build any interest 	UNK
humor , warmth , 	UNK
true to his principles 	UNK
it 's an unhappy situation all around . 	UNK
ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script 	UNK
is that it 's too close to real life to make sense . 	UNK
pleasing the crowds 	UNK
thematically and stylistically 	UNK
a must 	UNK
nothing but an episode of smackdown 	UNK
atrocities 	UNK
an entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots . 	UNK
cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images 	UNK
the château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera . 	UNK
crowdpleaser 	UNK
into a black hole of dullness 	UNK
particularly joyless , and 	UNK
directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men 	UNK
the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style 	UNK
have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time 	UNK
not infrequently breathtaking 	UNK
some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls 	UNK
gives his best screen 	UNK
sketchy 	UNK
wrong hands 	UNK
while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 	UNK
emphasising her plight and isolation 	UNK
fifth beer-soaked film 	UNK
's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter 	UNK
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability 	UNK
one of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise . 	UNK
, is still good fun . 	UNK
has no snap 	UNK
an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller 	UNK
flat , unconvincing drama 	UNK
superficial and unrealized 	UNK
can get past the taboo subject matter 	UNK
of predictable narrative rhythms 	UNK
a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart 	UNK
's awfully entertaining 	UNK
has a genuine dramatic impact 	UNK
i think it was plato who said , ' i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theater for this one . ' 	UNK
are simply too good 	UNK
never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving . 	UNK
goofily endearing and well-lensed 	UNK
feels all too familiar 	UNK
's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face . 	UNK
steeped in fairy tales and other childish things 	UNK
of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance 	UNK
lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics 	UNK
has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense . 	UNK
walked out 	UNK
wanders 	UNK
's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance 	UNK
treading water at best in this forgettable effort 	UNK
improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper 	UNK
that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life 	UNK
without beauty or humor 	UNK
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and 	UNK
it works 	UNK
is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 	UNK
weary 	UNK
convincing impersonation 	UNK
lacks in substance 	UNK
disconnects every 10 seconds 	UNK
poise 	UNK
longley 's film 	UNK
have banged their brains into the ground so frequently 	UNK
in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type 	UNK
in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed 	UNK
unusual biopic and document 	UNK
all too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938 	UNK
, margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken . 	UNK
kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden 	UNK
will turn out okay 	UNK
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr 	UNK
wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors 	UNK
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits . 	UNK
i 'd be lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow . 	UNK
is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey . 	UNK
a chilling movie without oppressive gore . 	UNK
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep 	UNK
allegedly inspiring and 	UNK
as big a crowdpleaser as 	UNK
engross even 	UNK
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career . 	UNK
personal loss 	UNK
people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept 	UNK
is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film 	UNK
it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia 	UNK
the story has little wit and no surprises . 	UNK
a gory slash-fest 	UNK
alienated 	UNK
serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally 	UNK
about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and 	UNK
animation and game phenomenon 	UNK
not for their acting chops , but for their looks 	UNK
would have a good time here 	UNK
hollywood ending is a depressing experience 	UNK
it 's always enthralling . 	UNK
of stunning images and effects 	UNK
wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon 	UNK
absolutely unnecessary 	UNK
it 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it . 	UNK
on johnny knoxville 's stomach 	UNK
more than four 	UNK
a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching . 	UNK
not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made . 	UNK
visually breathtaking 	UNK
lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor . 	UNK
excellent choice 	UNK
a guarantee 	UNK
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and 	UNK
is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well . 	UNK
isolation 	UNK
so sloppy , so uneven 	UNK
likes 	UNK
be thinking about going to see this movie 	UNK
most remarkable 	UNK
inner-city streets 	UNK
approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline . 	UNK
wry humor 	UNK
its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch . 	UNK
amusing and unsettling 	UNK
mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies 	UNK
, i 'd say the film works 	UNK
won -- 	UNK
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic 	UNK
a dazzling dream of a documentary . 	UNK
a stirring , funny 	UNK
it would be better as a diary or documentary 	UNK
this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism 	UNK
before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo 	UNK
as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound 	UNK
comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild 	UNK
screwed-up 	UNK
uselessly redundant and 	UNK
punitive minutes 	UNK
would look like something like this 	UNK
, city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast . 	UNK
... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is . 	UNK
unique and quirky 	UNK
it 's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire ! 	UNK
sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people . 	UNK
is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship . 	UNK
, slapdash disaster . 	UNK
carry the movie 	UNK
is pretty funny 	UNK
sink it faster than a leaky freighter 	UNK
the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious 	UNK
's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style . 	UNK
eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 	UNK
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line 	UNK
runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches 	UNK
a class with spike lee 's masterful 	UNK
impudent 	UNK
often very funny 	UNK
we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve 	UNK
dates 	UNK
loved 	UNK
with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure 	UNK
guts 	UNK
spare dialogue 	UNK
on expressing itself in every way imaginable 	UNK
warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages 	UNK
climate 	UNK
pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period 	UNK
has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story . 	UNK
watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped 	UNK
occasional charms 	UNK
an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection 	UNK
a future they wo n't much care about 	UNK
the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . 	UNK
manages to delight without much of a story . 	UNK
the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations 	UNK
in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. 	UNK
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate 	UNK
a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness . 	UNK
heartfelt comedy 	UNK
stale material 	UNK
comes to life in the performances . 	UNK
the stunt work is top-notch 	UNK
just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting 	UNK
if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster 	UNK
emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results . 	UNK
unfilmable 	UNK
the recording sessions are intriguing 	UNK
enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary . 	UNK
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape 	UNK
brutally honest and 	UNK
give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice 	UNK
a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women . 	UNK
a thought-provoking picture . 	UNK
end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 	UNK
its delightful cast 	UNK
by its art and heart 	UNK
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , 	UNK
just too bratty for sympathy 	UNK
's both charming 	UNK
a group of dedicated artists 	UNK
of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set 	UNK
her film is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless . 	UNK
its target audience talked all the way through it 	UNK
works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever . 	UNK
imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s 	UNK
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes 	UNK
that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast 	UNK
the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work 	UNK
gives a performance that is masterly . 	UNK
a wonderous accomplishment 	UNK
the master of disguise may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not . 	UNK
aggravating and tedious . 	UNK
an oddly fascinating depiction 	UNK
so boring 	UNK
the lady and the duke surprisingly 	UNK
captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head . 	UNK
which they have been patiently waiting for 	UNK
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting . 	UNK
ethereal beauty 	UNK
romantic comedy genre 	UNK
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty 	UNK
amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness 	UNK
, rapid-fire delivery 	UNK
feature-length 	UNK
an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn 	UNK
it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point 	UNK
of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle 	UNK
striking 	UNK
at the station looking for a return ticket to realism 	UNK
puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . 	UNK
shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable . 	UNK
a delicious and delicately funny look 	UNK
challenges 	UNK
genuine laughs 	UNK
some of its repartee is still worth hearing . 	UNK
of better films 	UNK
in the media 	UNK
comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture 	UNK
best straight-up 	UNK
vibrant whirlwind 	UNK
has already appeared in one forum or another 	UNK
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look . 	UNK
with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume 	UNK
page-turning 	UNK
with humor , warmth , and intelligence 	UNK
drudgery . 	UNK
keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart . 	UNK
is violated 	UNK
i would go back and choose to skip it . 	UNK
the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy 	UNK
's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters . 	UNK
behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense 	UNK
your dream 	UNK
become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle 	UNK
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony 	UNK
high-minded 	UNK
a slam-bang extravaganza 	UNK
is somehow making its way instead to theaters . 	UNK
a very lively dream 	UNK
, with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived 	UNK
from its sleazy moralizing 	UNK
breathtaking mystery 	UNK
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ? 	UNK
a lot smarter than your average bond . 	UNK
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and 	UNK
is actually funny with the material 	UNK
that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone 	UNK
execution and skill 	UNK
shines on all the characters 	UNK
rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor . 	UNK
earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese . 	UNK
eyeballs 	UNK
the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun 	UNK
infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion 	UNK
skillful and moving 	UNK
all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing 	UNK
has much to recommend it , 	UNK
gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms . 	UNK
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance 	UNK
the poor and 	UNK
a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses 	UNK
dehumanizing 	UNK
reading lines 	UNK
heard before 	UNK
which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 	UNK
an unholy mess , 	UNK
visual virtues 	UNK
'' winner 	UNK
bona fide groaners 	UNK
, you 're too interested to care . 	UNK
is authentic to the core of his being . 	UNK
far too clever by half , howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another . 	UNK
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining 	UNK
built-in audience 	UNK
bogged down in earnest dramaturgy 	UNK
bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie 	UNK
amusing , 	UNK
the most entertaining bonds in years 	UNK
is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days 	UNK
appreciates the art 	UNK
do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases 	UNK
most important and exhilarating forms 	UNK
although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service 	UNK
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for ? 	UNK
too many scenes toward the end 	UNK
's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s 	UNK
a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily 	UNK
most ravaging 	UNK
equally miserable 	UNK
i admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent 's complaint . 	UNK
is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination 	UNK
the expressive power 	UNK
it attractive throughout 	UNK
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately 	UNK
editing and pompous references 	UNK
inspirational status 	UNK
( a ) poorly executed comedy . 	UNK
gentle but 	UNK
may offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor . 	UNK
... this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels . 	UNK
` the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style . 	UNK
accomplished and 	UNK
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming . 	UNK
the soulful development 	UNK
the unsettled tenor 	UNK
are clinically depressed and 	UNK
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered 	UNK
an engrossing portrait 	UNK
is genial but never inspired , and little 	UNK
tackles more than she can handle . 	UNK
losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis 	UNK
nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me . 	UNK
proves to be sensational 	UNK
to entertain 	UNK
pathetic exploitation film 	UNK
joys in our lives 	UNK
the triumph 	UNK
of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism 	UNK
unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications . 	UNK
did n't convince me that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side 	UNK
laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , no such thing is a fascinating little tale . 	UNK
seems hopelessly juvenile . 	UNK
a frighteningly fascinating contradiction 	UNK
an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out 	UNK
equally assured 	UNK
have a story and a script 	UNK
's a work of enthralling drama 	UNK
predictable as the tides 	UNK
did no one on the set have a sense of humor , 	UNK
the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that 	UNK
's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama 	UNK
saves 	UNK
uncompromising film 	UNK
for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull 	UNK
all the dramatic weight 	UNK
will wind up as glum as mr. de niro . 	UNK
bracing truth 	UNK
great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s 	UNK
even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . 	UNK
the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . 	UNK
of dead-end distaste 	UNK
tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images . 	UNK
good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad 	UNK
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film . 	UNK
it appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up . 	UNK
does a solid job 	UNK
poor editing , bad bluescreen , 	UNK
lead actress gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile 	UNK
boring 	UNK
believe anyone would really buy this stuff 	UNK
lighthearted glow 	UNK
that there 's really not much of a sense of action 	UNK
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... 	UNK
, guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster . 	UNK
offer a fascinating glimpse 	UNK
illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in . 	UNK
want to think too much about what 's going on 	UNK
narc 	UNK
sub-sophomoric 	UNK
languorous charm 	UNK
style and flash 	UNK
thematic content and narrative strength 	UNK
a moral 	UNK
that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name 	UNK
is he has no character , loveable or otherwise 	UNK
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts . 	UNK
too much power , not enough puff . 	UNK
nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining 	UNK
is presented with great sympathy and intelligence 	UNK
brainless flibbertigibbet 	UNK
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable 	UNK
has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favor of an altogether darker side . 	UNK
have a good shot at a hollywood career 	UNK
have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies 	UNK
presented in convincing way 	UNK
have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for 	UNK
has its rewards . 	UNK
she may not be real , but the laughs are . 	UNK
critical backlash 	UNK
is a much better mother-daughter tale 	UNK
successfully 	UNK
long , intricate , star-studded 	UNK
for a touching love story 	UNK
of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity 	UNK
an audience 's 	UNK
the best 60 minutes 	UNK
overcooked , ham-fisted direction 	UNK
settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion . 	UNK
numbingly dull 	UNK
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare i say , entertaining ! 	UNK
pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear 	UNK
served with a hack script 	UNK
fest that 'll put hairs on your chest . 	UNK
past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience 	UNK
innocent , 	UNK
affable if not timeless 	UNK
an empty , purposeless 	UNK
knew about generating suspense 	UNK
bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew 	UNK
love 	UNK
works on some levels 	UNK
reveals itself slowly , intelligently , 	UNK
just did n't care 	UNK
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile 	UNK
trouble every day is a success in some sense 	UNK
lame 	UNK
the world 's greatest teacher 	UNK
fiery 	UNK
game supporting cast 	UNK
laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man 	UNK
a dearth of vitality 	UNK
a text to ` lick 	UNK
... a solid , well-formed satire . 	UNK
without thrills and a mystery devoid 	UNK
playful but highly studied 	UNK
fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man 	UNK
it 's leaden and predictable , and 	UNK
other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas 	UNK
ailments 	UNK
could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls . 	UNK
there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely . 	UNK
as good 	UNK
retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images 	UNK
salvation and good intentions 	UNK
, the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand . 	UNK
does his sly , intricate magic 	UNK
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing . 	UNK
could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen . 	UNK
it feels like unrealized potential 	UNK
, laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser 	UNK
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual 	UNK
beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet 	UNK
as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab 	UNK
new inspiration in it 	UNK
retread , 	UNK
'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state . 	UNK
a bit disjointed 	UNK
dismally 	UNK
grows up 	UNK
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater . 	UNK
you have to see it . 	UNK
, meandering 	UNK
humorous and touching 	UNK
that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey 	UNK
was the best the contest received 	UNK
is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september 	UNK
it finds a nice rhythm . 	UNK
it 's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow . 	UNK
settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion 	UNK
drains it 	UNK
is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be 	UNK
without resorting to camp or parody , haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . 	UNK
this rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point . 	UNK
ever so gracefully -- 	UNK
funny and touching 	UNK
is intelligently accomplished 	UNK
has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency . 	UNK
low comedy does n't come much lower . 	UNK
a comedy 	UNK
of martin scorsese 's taxi driver and goodfellas 	UNK
a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people 	UNK
to capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's 	UNK
sensation 	UNK
all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener 	UNK
there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' 	UNK
the material and the production 	UNK
my mind 	UNK
beautiful , angry and sad 	UNK
heavy stench 	UNK
tastelessness and 	UNK
bubbly 	UNK
has a way of seeping into your consciousness , 	UNK
what 's most offensive 	UNK
daughter 	UNK
enjoyable 100 minutes 	UNK
've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel 	UNK
unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire . 	UNK
in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy 	UNK
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends . 	UNK
whimsical comedy 	UNK
is n't mainly suspense or excitement . 	UNK
by splendid performances 	UNK
a winning and wildly fascinating work . 	UNK
and second , what 's with all the shooting ? 	UNK
other , better movies 	UNK
a wartime farce in the alternately comic and 	UNK
best 	UNK
occasionally flawed , 	UNK
admirable energy 	UNK
is funny , touching , smart and complicated 	UNK
maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral 	UNK
when you 've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed . 	UNK
and two smoking barrels 	UNK
value or merit 	UNK
that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media 	UNK
different , unusual , even nutty 	UNK
, nasty journey 	UNK
a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream 	UNK
dumped a whole lot of plot 	UNK
undisciplined 	UNK
production exists only to capitalize on hopkins ' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book 	UNK
is painfully bad , 	UNK
strange film 	UNK
despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste 	UNK
seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony . 	UNK
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper . 	UNK
a kilt 	UNK
recommend it , 	UNK
does n't live up to the exalted tagline 	UNK
it ca n't help but engage an audience 	UNK
a life interestingly lived 	UNK
, this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half . 	UNK
bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action 	UNK
sweet and believable 	UNK
through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes 	UNK
full of surprises 	UNK
the humor has point 	UNK
cheesy commercialism 	UNK
is on full , irritating display 	UNK
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego 	UNK
in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation 	UNK
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , 	UNK
director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading . 	UNK
rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning . 	UNK
an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with 	UNK
the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . '' 	UNK
're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party 	UNK
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; 	UNK
sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations . 	UNK
one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters 	UNK
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances 	UNK
belongs to nicholson 	UNK
and if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . 	UNK
the well-wrought story 	UNK
gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar 	UNK
perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul 	UNK
nosedive 	UNK
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity 	UNK
just another situation romance 	UNK
, this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating . 	UNK
gawky actor 	UNK
works as pretty contagious fun . 	UNK
on `` stupid '' 	UNK
makes it all the more compelling . 	UNK
enjoyable big movie 	UNK
braveheart as well as 	UNK
it 's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself . 	UNK
this kind of hands-on storytelling 	UNK
pure hollywood 	UNK
character portrait , romantic comedy 	UNK
not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid . 	UNK
is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction 	UNK
would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way . 	UNK
valiantly 	UNK
if it is generally amusing from time to time 	UNK
a biting satire 	UNK
literally 	UNK
no big whoop , nothing new to see , 	UNK
tragically 	UNK
a small gem from belgium . 	UNK
a tendency to sag in certain places 	UNK
simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film . 	UNK
necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy 	UNK
wind up as glum as mr. de niro 	UNK
little propaganda film 	UNK
a great director 	UNK
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message . 	UNK
become almost as operatic to us 	UNK
the picture is so lovely toward the end 	UNK
accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . 	UNK
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory 	UNK
perfectly 	UNK
a bad run 	UNK
the performances are amiable and committed , 	UNK
elicits strong performances from his cast 	UNK
brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing 	UNK
wicked 	UNK
fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal . 	UNK
isabelle huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters 	UNK
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : 	UNK
this insufferable movie 	UNK
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious 	UNK
, we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos . 	UNK
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity 	UNK
nutty cliches 	UNK
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart 	UNK
ingenuity 	UNK
the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action 	UNK
a coma 	UNK
a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get 	UNK
working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding 	UNK
noir veil 	UNK
this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood . 	UNK
as mindless 	UNK
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama . 	UNK
are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project 	UNK
inhuman 	UNK
joyous life 	UNK
movie directionless 	UNK
like a change in ( herzog 's ) personal policy 	UNK
unfolds as one 	UNK
bungle their way 	UNK
a few laughs but nothing else 	UNK
adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed . 	UNK
marvel 	UNK
coming-of-age drama 	UNK
buoyant romantic comedy 	UNK
you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes 	UNK
the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie . 	UNK
warm , moving 	UNK
so exaggerated and broad 	UNK
that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness 	UNK
( ferrera ) has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen . 	UNK
honestly , i do n't see the point 	UNK
the best brush in the business 	UNK
to a more mythic level 	UNK
hits its mark 	UNK
is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) . 	UNK
who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans 	UNK
do n't think so . 	UNK
represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy 	UNK
comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly 	UNK
him this year 's razzie 	UNK
of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times 	UNK
it 's one tough rock . 	UNK
a staggeringly compelling character 	UNK
to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn 	UNK
every bit as imperious as katzenberg 's the prince of egypt from 1998 . 	UNK
a mawkish self-parody 	UNK
not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch 	UNK
stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , 	UNK
for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . ' 	UNK
it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast 	UNK
because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans 	UNK
without context -- journalistic or historical 	UNK
- she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff 	UNK
diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep . 	UNK
some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - 	UNK
soft-core twaddle 	UNK
there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but brooms is n't it . 	UNK
, and motorcycles 	UNK
succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless . 	UNK
little too obvious , but 	UNK
dragonfly 	UNK
created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness 	UNK
almost generic 	UNK
the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull 	UNK
it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , and schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas . 	UNK
entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn . 	UNK
on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny . 	UNK
, this cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve . 	UNK
that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time 	UNK
mistaken-identity 	UNK
a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) 	UNK
a harrison ford low 	UNK
enlightened 	UNK
's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep 	UNK
a 10-course banquet 	UNK
's a cool event for the whole family . 	UNK
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , 	UNK
you should see this movie 	UNK
of the best films of the year 	UNK
you will enjoy seeing how both evolve 	UNK
from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style 	UNK
so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride . 	UNK
for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast 	UNK
showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy 	UNK
one scene after another in this supposedly funny movie 	UNK
thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances 	UNK
accurately 	UNK
ruined by amateurish writing and acting , 	UNK
well-made pb & j sandwich 	UNK
the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations 	UNK
engages us 	UNK
it looks like woo 's a p.o.w. 	UNK
has turned out to be a one-trick pony 	UNK
on three short films and two features 	UNK
the results are honest 	UNK
's nice 	UNK
has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at 	UNK
, inexplicable and unpleasant 	UNK
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions 	UNK
falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in . 	UNK
one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie . 	UNK
a quirky comedy 	UNK
artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown 	UNK
leaves an awful sour taste 	UNK
this is cinema 	UNK
a diverse and astonishingly articulate 	UNK
the charm of the first movie is still there 	UNK
by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching 	UNK
's because relatively nothing happens 	UNK
a gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema 	UNK
dies 	UNK
this is the one . 	UNK
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning . 	UNK
unacceptable 	UNK
deepest tragedies 	UNK
how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too 	UNK
've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out 	UNK
the usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director michael apted and writer tom stoppard . 	UNK
one of the great minds of our times 	UNK
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching 	UNK
an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time 	UNK
that effortlessly draws you in 	UNK
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- and 	UNK
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor . 	UNK
climactic 	UNK
really does n't have much to say beyond the news 	UNK
the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned . 	UNK
more outre aspects 	UNK
evans is no hollywood villain 	UNK
a loss 	UNK
can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice 	UNK
falling in love 	UNK
tremendously moving 	UNK
will leave you wanting to abandon the theater . 	UNK
benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story 	UNK
spaces 	UNK
a very good ( but not great ) movie 	UNK
funny , insightfully human 	UNK
visually engrossing 	UNK
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions 	UNK
on standard horror flick formula 	UNK
glum as mr. de niro 	UNK
extremely well acted by the four primary actors 	UNK
the universal themes , 	UNK
collateral damage is trash 	UNK
makes all the difference 	UNK
gentle , lapping rhythms 	UNK
pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success . 	UNK
using a stock plot , about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater . 	UNK
funny , sexy , and rousing 	UNK
is a pretty good job 	UNK
visualize schizophrenia 	UNK
scenic shots 	UNK
'' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater . 	UNK
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market . 	UNK
that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie 	UNK
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror . 	UNK
fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious 	UNK
has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll 	UNK
too cynical 	UNK
spooky and subtly 	UNK
into a classic genre 	UNK
is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable 	UNK
up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched 	UNK
the plot seems a bit on the skinny side 	UNK
accompanied by the sketchiest of captions . 	UNK
melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner . 	UNK
's something of the ultimate scorsese film 	UNK
a more annoying , though 	UNK
loathe him 	UNK
hell , i dunno 	UNK
for two directors with far less endearing disabilities 	UNK
if mostly martha is mostly unsurprising , it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion . 	UNK
beautiful 	UNK
enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage 	UNK
is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony . 	UNK
analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down 	UNK
-- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man 	UNK
makes these lives count . 	UNK
trudge out 	UNK
all the stronger 	UNK
an improvement 	UNK
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered . 	UNK
constantly slips from the grasp of its maker . 	UNK
never succeed in really rattling the viewer 	UNK
sub-par 	UNK
bad film 	UNK
, the film would be a total washout . 	UNK
it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget 	UNK
the bizarre is credible 	UNK
have potential as a cult film , 	UNK
none of the charm and little 	UNK
to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme 	UNK
beautifully produced . 	UNK
a thoroughly modern maiden 	UNK
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention . 	UNK
born to make 	UNK
gets its greatest play 	UNK
spectacular belly flops 	UNK
's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name . 	UNK
cheesy 	UNK
was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' 	UNK
a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant 	UNK
the actors are fantastic . 	UNK
has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and 	UNK
a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , 	UNK
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but 	UNK
accurate 	UNK
, the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . 	UNK
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and 	UNK
faith , love and power 	UNK
their hearts in the right place 	UNK
banality and hypocrisy 	UNK
more evil than ever 	UNK
wiseman is patient and 	UNK
manage to keep things interesting . 	UNK
noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us 	UNK
is a lot more bluster than bite . 	UNK
ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here 	UNK
wo n't be able to look away for a second 	UNK
is top-notch 	UNK
larger than life 	UNK
filmed directly 	UNK
corny sentimentality 	UNK
i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art . 	UNK
whimper 	UNK
to see a movie with its heart 	UNK
would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art . 	UNK
really wrong with this ricture 	UNK
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core . 	UNK
charm 	UNK
's horribly depressing and not very well done 	UNK
is n't exactly endearing 	UNK
amazing breakthrough 	UNK
they cheapen the overall effect . 	UNK
so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant 	UNK
irreverent energy 	UNK
stay positive 	UNK
finally seem so impersonal or even shallow 	UNK
without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place 	UNK
some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge 	UNK
a sad aristocrat in tattered finery 	UNK
get out your pooper-scoopers 	UNK
a superfluous sequel 	UNK
set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to . 	UNK
if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout 	UNK
a feel-bad ending 	UNK
there 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ... 	UNK
and more entertaining , too . 	UNK
a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work 	UNK
an irresistible blend 	UNK
in reality it 's one tough rock . 	UNK
captive by mediocrity 	UNK
a snore and utter tripe 	UNK
quite possibly the sturdiest example yet 	UNK
schrader examines crane 's decline with unblinking candor . 	UNK
begging for attention 	UNK
are worth the price of admission ... 	UNK
has never been more charming than in about a boy 	UNK
it 's impossible to care who wins 	UNK
the idiocy 	UNK
the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings . 	UNK
aloof 	UNK
a gut punch 	UNK
may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . 	UNK
is priceless 	UNK
torture and self-mutilation 	UNK
is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter . 	UNK
is nothing less than a provocative piece of work 	UNK
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century . 	UNK
loud and offensive , but more often 	UNK
( the film ) works 	UNK
multi-layers 	UNK
is entertaining . 	UNK
hit . 	UNK
achieves a level of connection and concern 	UNK
many tense scenes in trapped 	UNK
frustration from those 	UNK
seen in years 	UNK
glinting charm 	UNK
i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up 	UNK
the act is still charming here . 	UNK
an energetic and engaging film 	UNK
is more accurate than anything 	UNK
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity 	UNK
rekindle the magic of the first film 	UNK
to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year 	UNK
a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid . 	UNK
cinematic poo . 	UNK
should give `` scratch '' a second look . 	UNK
have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else 	UNK
may not be a great piece of filmmaking 	UNK
it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times . 	UNK
personable , amusing 	UNK
one-sided theme 	UNK
worth revisiting 	UNK
amusing sidekicks 	UNK
has a sure hand . 	UNK
showing honest emotions . 	UNK
historical truth and realism 	UNK
, it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway . 	UNK
the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol 	UNK
you 'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ... ' 	UNK
donna 	UNK
deserve better 	UNK
realize , much to our dismay , 	UNK
more valuable 	UNK
a light touch 	UNK
explores the awful complications of one terrifying day 	UNK
offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing 	UNK
a chilling tale of one 	UNK
the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good 	UNK
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and 	UNK
make this surprisingly decent flick 	UNK
the rhapsodic dialogue 	UNK
`` unfilmable '' novels 	UNK
way too full of itself 	UNK
not engaging 	UNK
addictive guilty pleasure 	UNK
fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less 	UNK
does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection 	UNK
a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown . 	UNK
figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , 	UNK
a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots 	UNK
dumb gags , anatomical humor , or 	UNK
of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things 	UNK
add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff 	UNK
skip but film buffs should get to know 	UNK
yale grad 	UNK
may not always work 	UNK
how to suffer ' 	UNK
the biggest disappointments 	UNK
make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm 	UNK
from pleasing 	UNK
a canny crowd pleaser 	UNK
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers 	UNK
infatuated 	UNK
are so well 	UNK
sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals 	UNK
being stupid 	UNK
a self-hatred instilled 	UNK
of its lurid fiction 	UNK
fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes 	UNK
is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition 	UNK
to regain his life , his dignity and his music 	UNK
deadly dull 	UNK
any viewer , young or old , 	UNK
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings . 	UNK
ill-conceived and 	UNK
skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise . 	UNK
of this reactionary thriller 	UNK
jolts the laughs 	UNK
this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction 	UNK
steals the show 	UNK
it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap 	UNK
shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls 	UNK
by turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious . 	UNK
the computer and 	UNK
of inspired humor 	UNK
11 times too many 	UNK
delivered with such conviction 	UNK
seen it all before , 	UNK
every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny 	UNK
the universal theme 	UNK
laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists 	UNK
... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart . 	UNK
we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick 	UNK
harris is affecting at times 	UNK
's a pale imitation . 	UNK
casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- 	UNK
knew what the hell was coming next 	UNK
the beat he hears in his soul 	UNK
to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time 	UNK
lovely , sad dance 	UNK
that tries to be smart 	UNK
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained . 	UNK
full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes 	UNK
turns in a collectively stellar performance 	UNK
seems timely and important 	UNK
falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy 	UNK
a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments 	UNK
lionize its title character and exploit his anger 	UNK
but it does have one saving grace . 	UNK
a more credible script , though 	UNK
this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , is tepid and tedious . 	UNK
gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' 	UNK
it 's up to ( watts ) to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe . 	UNK
offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology 	UNK
ruins every single scene he 's in 	UNK
cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits 	UNK
an intriguing story of maternal instincts and 	UNK
immensely entertaining 	UNK
's absolutely amazing 	UNK
make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom 	UNK
thoughtful and 	UNK
was entranced . 	UNK
a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director malcolm d. lee and writer john ridley . 	UNK
a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it 	UNK
good dialogue 	UNK
lighthearted comedy 	UNK
roman polanski may have been born to make 	UNK
make trouble 	UNK
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and 	UNK
will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea 	UNK
pretty listless 	UNK
filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative 	UNK
is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is 	UNK
does little 	UNK
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short 	UNK
is way too indulgent 	UNK
tries its best to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape 	UNK
one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences 	UNK
from cheap-shot mediocrity 	UNK
's also one of the smartest 	UNK
hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- 	UNK
color and creativity 	UNK
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff 	UNK
road 	UNK
gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 	UNK
fixating on a far corner of the screen at times 	UNK
wide-eyed 	UNK
, but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible 	UNK
an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work . 	UNK
devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama 	UNK
raise audience 's spirits 	UNK
freaking out 	UNK
nerds 	UNK
create characters 	UNK
work -- is charming , 	UNK
started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights 	UNK
lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food . 	UNK
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism . 	UNK
looks good 	UNK
orchestrating 	UNK
ever knew about generating suspense 	UNK
can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace 	UNK
's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer . 	UNK
of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature 	UNK
loses its fire midway , 	UNK
( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) 	UNK
begins to resemble the shapeless , 	UNK
's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly . 	UNK
that hollywood expects people to pay to see it 	UNK
depict the french revolution 	UNK
a fascinating character study with laughs 	UNK
is one of the greatest date movies in years . 	UNK
the long and eventful spiritual journey 	UNK
to believe that a life like this can sound so dull 	UNK
allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk 	UNK
its excellent storytelling 	UNK
likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen 	UNK
a revealing look 	UNK
positive ( if tragic ) note 	UNK
flowery 	UNK
change watching such a character , 	UNK
storytelling ability 	UNK
gloom 	UNK
emotional car-wreck 	UNK
the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated 	UNK
is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation 	UNK
horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible . 	UNK
what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni 	UNK
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do . 	UNK
changing lanes tries for more . 	UNK
bitchy frolic 	UNK
expressively performed 	UNK
mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well . 	UNK
an encouraging effort 	UNK
alarms for duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks . 	UNK
how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture 	UNK
no laughs 	UNK
high-powered star pedigree 	UNK
without passion or politics 	UNK
being a good documentarian 	UNK
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles 	UNK
makes its point 	UNK
the corniest 	UNK
, diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep . 	UNK
this is a truly , truly bad movie . 	UNK
drama , conflict , 	UNK
protagonist 	UNK
the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears 	UNK
a scary , action-packed chiller 	UNK
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances 	UNK
mark pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth . 	UNK
relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft . 	UNK
touch 	UNK
tried hard 	UNK
intimate , unguarded moments 	UNK
it borders on facile 	UNK
important political documentary 	UNK
a little better than sorcerer 's stone . 	UNK
a heroic tale 	UNK
is intriguing 	UNK
never springs to life 	UNK
devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 	UNK
is full of charm . 	UNK
own breezy , distracted rhythms 	UNK
ironic cultural satire 	UNK
hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications . 	UNK
stevens ' vibrant creative instincts 	UNK
in short 	UNK
devos 	UNK
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life 	UNK
strong and confident 	UNK
if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea 	UNK
is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality . 	UNK
some corny television 	UNK
to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california 	UNK
bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie 	UNK
but a very handsomely produced let-down 	UNK
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain 	UNK
that transcends culture and race 	UNK
come to care about the main characters 	UNK
self-conscious but often hilarious 	UNK
after all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long . 	UNK
( and probably should have ) 	UNK
other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst . 	UNK
off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper . 	UNK
think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity 	UNK
it was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' 	UNK
with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions 	UNK
that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not 	UNK
-- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles 	UNK
philosophers , not filmmakers 	UNK
is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best . 	UNK
the spectacle 	UNK
uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated 	UNK
's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful . 	UNK
represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken 	UNK
the choppy editing 	UNK
that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as 	UNK
it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such 	UNK
even sexy 	UNK
that will thrill you , touch you and make you 	UNK
acting -- more accurately , it 's moving 	UNK
adaptation is intricately constructed and 	UNK
` triumph ' 	UNK
accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film 	UNK
has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story 	UNK
astounding 	UNK
may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns . 	UNK
remembering this refreshing visit 	UNK
of expository material 	UNK
its own most damning censure 	UNK
the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me . 	UNK
this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love 	UNK
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and 	UNK
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films 	UNK
the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals 	UNK
particular interest 	UNK
, despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . 	UNK
tribute 	UNK
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end 	UNK
ian holm conquers france as an earthy napoleon 	UNK
terminally bland , painfully slow and 	UNK
have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for . 	UNK
one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible 	UNK
the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results 	UNK
the characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility 	UNK
loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves 	UNK
passive-aggressive psychology 	UNK
manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time . 	UNK
stifles creativity and 	UNK
... if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride . 	UNK
because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel 	UNK
fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite 	UNK
for all of us 	UNK
clear-eyed chronicle 	UNK
this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . 	UNK
a manically generous christmas vaudeville . 	UNK
so much more 	UNK
to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release 	UNK
richly detailed , deftly executed and 	UNK
though nijinsky 's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature . 	UNK
the film is visually dazzling 	UNK
once amusing 	UNK
sex with strangers 	UNK
a generic international version of a typical american horror film 	UNK
ugly and mindless 	UNK
meaty subject 	UNK
obvious political insights 	UNK
that parker displays in freshening the play 	UNK
that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy 	UNK
would require many sessions on the couch of dr. freud 	UNK
as a masterfully made one 	UNK
the characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films . 	UNK
it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema 	UNK
is more like something from a bad clive barker movie . 	UNK
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies . 	UNK
's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter . 	UNK
has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth 	UNK
very very strong 	UNK
this cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve . 	UNK
emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema 	UNK
oddly colorful 	UNK
every shot enhances the excellent performances 	UNK
to feel good about 	UNK
the throes of their first full flush of testosterone 	UNK
jacquot 's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself . 	UNK
of its oscar nomination 	UNK
both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts 	UNK
sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 	UNK
very funny , very enjoyable ... 	UNK
the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league 	UNK
of his best-known creation 	UNK
toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again . 	UNK
's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive . 	UNK
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches 	UNK
` stoked 	UNK
too much 	UNK
... if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags . 	UNK
lots of boring talking heads , etc . 	UNK
little less bling-bling 	UNK
an original bone 	UNK
good , hard-edged stuff 	UNK
cannon 's confidence and 	UNK
has a film 's title served such dire warning 	UNK
a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title 	UNK
demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted 	UNK
compelling french psychological drama 	UNK
marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue 	UNK
like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life 	UNK
anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s 	UNK
metaphysical 	UNK
in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts 	UNK
do n't blame eddie murphy but 	UNK
the redeeming feature 	UNK
kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years . 	UNK
those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi . 	UNK
astronomically bad 	UNK
in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers 	UNK
feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series . 	UNK
to string together enough charming moments to work 	UNK
a purpose and a strong pulse 	UNK
sensuality , and 	UNK
at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered 	UNK
young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated 	UNK
, it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires . 	UNK
suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener 	UNK
this slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time . 	UNK
what a pity ... that the material is so second-rate . 	UNK
living far too much 	UNK
fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man . 	UNK
riveting performances 	UNK
on hammy at times 	UNK
means check it out . 	UNK
desperately wishing you could change tables 	UNK
and finely cut diamond 	UNK
convincing one 	UNK
the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans ' story 	UNK
heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and 	UNK
... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department . 	UNK
turn stupid 	UNK
work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent 	UNK
emotional gravity 	UNK
flawed , 	UNK
would sink laurence olivier 	UNK
a bad movie 	UNK
( fincher 's ) camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller . 	UNK
marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- 	UNK
it 's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original . 	UNK
cusack 's just brilliant in this . 	UNK
hokey 	UNK
the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) 	UNK
, '' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow . 	UNK
the food is enticing 	UNK
broken 	UNK
bit of piffle . 	UNK
the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble 	UNK
the mothman prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey . 	UNK
substantial depth 	UNK
drowsy 	UNK
warm and well-told tale 	UNK
stroked , luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain . 	UNK
of faith 	UNK
are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes 	UNK
how ridiculous and money-oriented 	UNK
is quite a vision . 	UNK
immediate inclination to provide a fourth book 	UNK
original film 	UNK
of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , 	UNK
stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time 	UNK
to convey a sense of childhood imagination 	UNK
for an all-around good time at the movies this summer 	UNK
it does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes . 	UNK
into a laugh-free lecture 	UNK
does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay 	UNK
, gut-clutching piece 	UNK
somewhat backhanded 	UNK
epic scope 	UNK
in any way demeaning its subjects 	UNK
caught up in an intricate plot 	UNK
worth the journey 	UNK
have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film . 	UNK
a full-length classic 	UNK
a muddled limp biscuit 	UNK
enduring 	UNK
a lost ideal 	UNK
sharper , cleaner 	UNK
depressingly retrograde 	UNK
the subtitles fool you 	UNK
be an enjoyable choice for younger kids 	UNK
another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market 	UNK
ultimately delivers 	UNK
is strong as always . 	UNK
would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera 	UNK
soap-opera 	UNK
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the 	UNK
surprising romance 	UNK
off-puttingly 	UNK
sporadic dips 	UNK
best script 	UNK
und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily . 	UNK
action clichés 	UNK
a companionable couple 	UNK
the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest 	UNK
big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level . 	UNK
for the ridicule factor 	UNK
is so prolonged and boring 	UNK
the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel 	UNK
chaos 	UNK
is familiar but enjoyable . 	UNK
been smoother or more confident 	UNK
made me want to pack raw dough in my ears . 	UNK
, purposeless 	UNK
is easily 	UNK
riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity 	UNK
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work 	UNK
it takes you somewhere you 're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned . 	UNK
teenage sex comedy 	UNK
rick 	UNK
, rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer 	UNK
unsung heroes 	UNK
that takes too long to shake 	UNK
of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema 	UNK
could hardly ask for more . 	UNK
you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape 	UNK
in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped 	UNK
one of the smartest 	UNK
was right to cut 	UNK
has created a beautiful canvas 	UNK
's a very very strong `` b + . 	UNK
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap . 	UNK
it fails 	UNK
storytelling is far more appealing 	UNK
it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you . 	UNK
when it is n't merely offensive 	UNK
is a must for genre fans . 	UNK
it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it 	UNK
a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 	UNK
the young stars are too cute ; 	UNK
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone . 	UNK
personal low 	UNK
the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year 	UNK
is sappy and amateurish 	UNK
are very expressive . 	UNK
alone , should scare any sane person away . 	UNK
turning in some delightful work on indie projects 	UNK
his most sparkling 	UNK
quickly writes himself into a corner 	UNK
career - kids = misery 	UNK
emaciated 	UNK
kiddie entertainment , 	UNK
not only better 	UNK
of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause 	UNK
from this choppy and sloppy affair 	UNK
is smart , not cloying . 	UNK
inquisitive film 	UNK
's a spectacular performance - ahem 	UNK
career-defining 	UNK
is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory 	UNK
like the full monty , this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll . 	UNK
serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure 	UNK
frustrating and 	UNK
canada 's arctic light 	UNK
pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two . 	UNK
any scorsese 	UNK
make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated 	UNK
rich 	UNK
but it would be better to wait for the video . 	UNK
this is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one . 	UNK
of extravagant 	UNK
, an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then . 	UNK
choppy and 	UNK
, it 'll only put you to sleep . 	UNK
like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit . 	UNK
moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance but 	UNK
about movie love 	UNK
it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened 	UNK
they 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid . 	UNK
hugely enjoyable in its own right though 	UNK
a bigger-name cast 	UNK
crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies 	UNK
everyone making it 	UNK
soderbergh 's best films 	UNK
coming-of-age film 	UNK
been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson 	UNK
actually manages to bring something new into the mix 	UNK
having fun with it all 	UNK
smeary 	UNK
of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work 	UNK
fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy 	UNK
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , 	UNK
terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it 	UNK
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , 	UNK
charged 	UNK
is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later 	UNK
to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful 	UNK
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey 	UNK
self-consciously flashy camera effects 	UNK
a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish 	UNK
it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears 	UNK
cold-hearted 	UNK
existential suffering 	UNK
its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients 	UNK
meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment . 	UNK
would be consigned to the dustbin of history 	UNK
a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story 	UNK
the wonderfully lush morvern callar 	UNK
the movie is hardly a masterpiece 	UNK
clichéd 	UNK
stays close to the ground 	UNK
hated myself in the morning . 	UNK
it 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances . 	UNK
know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money 	UNK
, yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults . 	UNK
interesting and at times 	UNK
swaggers through his scenes 	UNK
cinematic tone poem 	UNK
another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt 	UNK
make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson 	UNK
inherently caustic and 	UNK
that it 's too close to real life to make sense 	UNK
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , 	UNK
winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity 	UNK
forgive its mean-spirited second half 	UNK
not funny performers 	UNK
is a lame kiddie flick 	UNK
thoroughly overbearing 	UNK
that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie 	UNK
two hours of junk 	UNK
successes 	UNK
and revolutionary spirit 	UNK
dramatically lackluster 	UNK
remarkably faithful one 	UNK
considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy . 	UNK
as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort . 	UNK
no surprises . 	UNK
is oppressively heavy 	UNK
somewhat less 	UNK
are moments of hilarity to be had 	UNK
nutty cliches and far too much dialogue 	UNK
welcomed 	UNK
a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz 	UNK
an unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood . 	UNK
washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell 	UNK
with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers . 	UNK
live-action cartoon 	UNK
useless actioners 	UNK
uneven dialogue and plot lapses 	UNK
a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession -- one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom . 	UNK
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident 	UNK
virtually no one 	UNK
still-inestimable contribution 	UNK
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience 	UNK
while we delight in the images 	UNK
may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry 	UNK
fascinating part 	UNK
it should have stayed there . 	UNK
smart , funny look 	UNK
walk to remember a niche hit 	UNK
hole-ridden plotting 	UNK
lost in the translation 	UNK
seems twice as long as its 83 minutes 	UNK
it 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie . 	UNK
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast . 	UNK
disconnects 	UNK
amazingly evocative 	UNK
weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next 	UNK
have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 	UNK
viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving 	UNK
whose legacy had begun to bronze 	UNK
extant stardom 	UNK
's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn 	UNK
bibbidy-bobbidi-bland . 	UNK
soulless . 	UNK
dragons ! 	UNK
been replaced by the bottom of the barrel 	UNK
an increasingly important film industry 	UNK
hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch 	UNK
hilarious and sad 	UNK
involving than this mess 	UNK
are lukewarm and quick to pass . 	UNK
poorly 	UNK
captivating 	UNK
integrity 	UNK
cardiac 	UNK
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche . 	UNK
an excuse 	UNK
most awful acts 	UNK
is so clumsily sentimental 	UNK
whiney 	UNK
be cutting-edge indie filmmaking 	UNK
imposter makes a better short story than it does a film 	UNK
of musical passion 	UNK
this obscenely bad dark comedy 	UNK
wal-mart budget 	UNK
a rather thin moral 	UNK
misfire that even tunney ca n't save . 	UNK
fully formed 	UNK
, from the incongruous but chemically 	UNK
how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is 	UNK
through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special 	UNK
from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop 	UNK
of a physician who needs to heal himself 	UNK
any way of gripping what its point is 	UNK
with humor and poignancy 	UNK
muy loco 	UNK
giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment 	UNK
the variety of tones in spielberg 's work 	UNK
cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion 	UNK
no `` waterboy 	UNK
manipulative claptrap 	UNK
cast the magnificent jackie chan 	UNK
has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero . 	UNK
is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience 	UNK
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches . 	UNK
slow for a younger crowd 	UNK
moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act 	UNK
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style 	UNK
appeared in 1938 	UNK
susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , 	UNK
there done that 	UNK
bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters 	UNK
it 's not like having a real film of nijinsky , 	UNK
would have been better than the fiction it has concocted 	UNK
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard 	UNK
's better than the phantom menace . 	UNK
that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves 	UNK
of four fine 	UNK
conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible 	UNK
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller . 	UNK
, solid storytelling . 	UNK
's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries 	UNK
a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all 	UNK
its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and 	UNK
though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled 	UNK
the lovable-loser protagonist 	UNK
though tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough 	UNK
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes . 	UNK
green men 	UNK
, this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture . 	UNK
teddy bears ' 	UNK
feels as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something 	UNK
poor quality 	UNK
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , 	UNK
jazzy score 	UNK
loquacious 	UNK
is prime escapist fare 	UNK
the film 's needlessly opaque intro 	UNK
, if disingenuous , 	UNK
much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings . 	UNK
making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be 	UNK
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive 	UNK
a travesty of a transvestite comedy 	UNK
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating 	UNK
... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends . 	UNK
worthy idea 	UNK
have been better off staying on the festival circuit 	UNK
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory 	UNK
an intoxicating 	UNK
all the earmarks of french cinema at its best 	UNK
also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won . 	UNK
is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing 	UNK
be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds 	UNK
to fruition in her sophomore effort 	UNK
super 	UNK
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background . 	UNK
i do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold . 	UNK
that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain 	UNK
would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture . 	UNK
watching `` ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale . 	UNK
an interesting and at times captivating 	UNK
will assuredly have their funny bones tickled 	UNK
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , 	UNK
the movie sputters 	UNK
suited neither 	UNK
big bloody stew 	UNK
from its unsettling prognosis 	UNK
, deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated . 	UNK
a mournful undercurrent 	UNK
is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout 	UNK
a verbal duel between two gifted performers 	UNK
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life . 	UNK
this is no `` waterboy ! '' 	UNK
swiftly 	UNK
fairly enjoyable 	UNK
a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination 	UNK
deeply biased , and 	UNK
an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 	UNK
tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother . 	UNK
the level of an after-school tv special 	UNK
the movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you . 	UNK
rich tale 	UNK
a fascinating profile 	UNK
prepare 	UNK
shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale 	UNK
honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama 	UNK
`` far from heaven '' is a masterpiece . 	UNK
the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present 	UNK
an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness . 	UNK
buddy cop comedy 	UNK
horrific 	UNK
i 'm all for that 	UNK
's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary . 	UNK
the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus 	UNK
wit and originality 	UNK
'' admirably 	UNK
the pay-off is negligible 	UNK
designed strictly for children 's home video , 	UNK
to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar 	UNK
its shortcomings 	UNK
that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span 	UNK
this italian freakshow 	UNK
the nerve to speak up 	UNK
are infectious 	UNK
some serious soul 	UNK
the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea 	UNK
slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation 	UNK
the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book 	UNK
its core 	UNK
standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill 	UNK
i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow 	UNK
, `` real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams . 	UNK
sumptuous stream 	UNK
have the best of both worlds 	UNK
very moving and revelatory footnote 	UNK
about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love 	UNK
wow . 	UNK
beautifully animated epic 	UNK
an engaging fantasy 	UNK
riveting power and sadness 	UNK
and inventive moments 	UNK
hiding behind cutesy film references 	UNK
it 's a heck of a ride 	UNK
overwrought 	UNK
music and life 	UNK
is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump . 	UNK
when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 	UNK
do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl 	UNK
creeping into the second half 	UNK
damaged-goods people 	UNK
is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see . 	UNK
to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter 	UNK
a witty 	UNK
does its predecessors proud . 	UNK
such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating 	UNK
what ` blade runner ' would 	UNK
a little underconfident 	UNK
cinemantic flair 	UNK
, it 's a lyrical endeavor . 	UNK
have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own . 	UNK
annoying specimen 	UNK
rock solid family fun out 	UNK
i 'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking . 	UNK
a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( evans ) had , lost , and got back 	UNK
to make up for the ones that do n't come off 	UNK
been 13 months and 295 preview screenings 	UNK
like any good romance 	UNK
a step further , 	UNK
spirit is a visual treat , and 	UNK
of a 20-car pileup 	UNK
is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life 	UNK
maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature 	UNK
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or 	UNK
solid emotional impact 	UNK
in clichés and mawkish dialogue 	UNK
tom green 's freddie got fingered 	UNK
increasingly implausible as it races 	UNK
beckons us all 	UNK
filling 	UNK
first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast 	UNK
dying and loving 	UNK
fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur . 	UNK
an unsettling sight , and 	UNK
the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path 	UNK
work -- is charming 	UNK
the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one . 	UNK
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone . 	UNK
this engaging film 	UNK
not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 	UNK
`` solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work . 	UNK
an affected malaise 	UNK
tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush 	UNK
impeccable study 	UNK
swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements 	UNK
that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot . 	UNK
a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie 	UNK
extremely thorough 	UNK
worth seeing at least once 	UNK
is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : 	UNK
devolves into a laugh-free lecture 	UNK
unforgivingly 	UNK
i liked this film a lot ... 	UNK
byron and luther 	UNK
the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence 	UNK
the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound 	UNK
if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . 	UNK
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is . 	UNK
and , there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater . 	UNK
that tears welled up in my eyes both times 	UNK
that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship 	UNK
by letting you share her one-room world for a while 	UNK
of constant smiles and frequent laughter 	UNK
offended 	UNK
is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually 	UNK
is just a little bit hard to love . 	UNK
it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate . 	UNK
's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy 	UNK
( city ) reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year . 	UNK
another boorish movie 	UNK
at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . 	UNK
that attracts the young and fit 	UNK
something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality 	UNK
have made it an exhilarating 	UNK
lazy but enjoyable 	UNK
the best didacticism 	UNK
'm all for that 	UNK
in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself 	UNK
macdowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done . 	UNK
be shallow 	UNK
with a `` spy kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? 	UNK
, it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous . 	UNK
, the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens 	UNK
favorite musical 	UNK
complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold . 	UNK
another useless recycling of a brutal mid 	UNK
downbeat 	UNK
unfaithful 	UNK
not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer 	UNK
another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype 	UNK
a haunting tale of murder and mayhem . 	UNK
is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two . 	UNK
more successful 	UNK
suspenseful spin 	UNK
scant place for the viewer 	UNK
cedar 's 	UNK
utter sincerity 	UNK
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing 	UNK
the predictability of bland comfort food 	UNK
and witty feature 	UNK
feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer 	UNK
with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool . 	UNK
, nothing good can happen 	UNK
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto 	UNK
seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense 	UNK
older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag 	UNK
therefore i know better than to rush to the theater for this one 	UNK
reactionary ideas about women 	UNK
bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction 	UNK
stillborn 	UNK
an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness 	UNK
the lively appeal of the last kiss 	UNK
featuring an oscar-worthy performance 	UNK
cheap junk 	UNK
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers ' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time . 	UNK
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but 	UNK
it just seems manufactured to me and artificial 	UNK
it 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain . 	UNK
, hilarious 	UNK
this overlong infomercial , 	UNK
an intelligent screenplay 	UNK
it is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter . 	UNK
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor 	UNK
had their hearts in the right place . 	UNK
playwriting 101 premise 	UNK
thin notion 	UNK
meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , 	UNK
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence 	UNK
that does not move 	UNK
something provocative , rich , and strange 	UNK
i 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent . 	UNK
an effective portrait 	UNK
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , 	UNK
too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash . 	UNK
send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments 	UNK
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin . 	UNK
like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable . 	UNK
a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility . 	UNK
slightly disappointed 	UNK
proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure . 	UNK
a must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those 	UNK
could n't keep my attention 	UNK
really earned my indignant , preemptive departure 	UNK
reverent 	UNK
his sentimental journey of the heart 	UNK
an astoundingly rich film 	UNK
i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness . 	UNK
loves them to pieces 	UNK
so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer 	UNK
goodwill 	UNK
family-friendly comedy 	UNK
before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon 	UNK
is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe . 	UNK
missed the point 	UNK
answered yes , by all means 	UNK
as relationships shift , director robert j. siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc . 	UNK
the right choices at every turn 	UNK
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining 	UNK
with honesty , insight and humor 	UNK
ambitious films 	UNK
be captivated 	UNK
here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip 	UNK
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck 	UNK
will likely 	UNK
this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen 	UNK
takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about . 	UNK
the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug 	UNK
to make the formula feel fresh 	UNK
is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus 	UNK
the most brilliant work 	UNK
from the dullest science fiction 	UNK
friendly kick 	UNK
suitable 	UNK
i bought this movie 	UNK
, folks , it does n't work . 	UNK
, there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . 	UNK
is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona 	UNK
from `` promising '' 	UNK
a romance this smart 	UNK
fessenden continues to do interesting work 	UNK
will most likely doze off during this one 	UNK
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last . 	UNK
there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , 	UNK
the credits roll across the pat ending 	UNK
, and totally disorientated 	UNK
who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable 	UNK
'd probably turn it off , 	UNK
warm , moving message 	UNK
the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised 	UNK
feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting 	UNK
a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders 	UNK
an in-depth portrait 	UNK
performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks 	UNK
acquire the fast-paced contemporary society 	UNK
distinctly sub-par 	UNK
mediocre movies 	UNK
most politically audacious films 	UNK
if that 's not too glorified a term 	UNK
keeps this pretty watchable , and 	UNK
the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves 	UNK
awesome 	UNK
sun-splashed whites 	UNK
is as bad at it is cruel 	UNK
will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story . 	UNK
these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before 	UNK
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line 	UNK
glides gracefully from male persona to female 	UNK
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something 	UNK
because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 	UNK
ya-yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film . 	UNK
pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance . 	UNK
williams ' anarchy gets tiresome 	UNK
, it 's icky . 	UNK
far less endearing disabilities 	UNK
lacking in charm and charisma 	UNK
toilet-humor 	UNK
of this tacky nonsense 	UNK
a tragedy 	UNK
sluggish 	UNK
mixed up together like a term paper 	UNK
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and 	UNK
the screenplay to keep the film entertaining 	UNK
has considerable charm . 	UNK
a comedic moment in this romantic comedy 	UNK
simply runs out of ideas 	UNK
reaching the comic heights it obviously desired 	UNK
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , 	UNK
... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks . 	UNK
everywhere 	UNK
this is a superior horror flick . 	UNK
( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it 	UNK
sneaks up on you and 	UNK
good pace 	UNK
redundant 	UNK
it wo n't hold up over the long haul , but 	UNK
appropriately 	UNK
creepy and vague 	UNK
illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters 	UNK
's hard to resist his enthusiasm 	UNK
the delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two . 	UNK
moving story 	UNK
in their recklessness 	UNK
because it was particularly funny 	UNK
appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept . 	UNK
horribly 	UNK
pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year 	UNK
a copy of a copy 	UNK
many good ideas 	UNK
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast 	UNK
to reveal his impressively delicate range 	UNK
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- 	UNK
a snore and 	UNK
lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy 	UNK
oft-brilliant 	UNK
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , 	UNK
is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees 	UNK
that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body 	UNK
the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat . 	UNK
for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters 	UNK
flinching 	UNK
well-meaning 	UNK
is a good and ambitious film 	UNK
hackneyed story 	UNK
sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes 	UNK
seem to hit 	UNK
drunken 	UNK
a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago 	UNK
evolved from star to superstar some time 	UNK
go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset 	UNK
does probably as good a job as anyone 	UNK
is flawed 	UNK
the butt 	UNK
plenty of entertainment value 	UNK
, fine music never heard 	UNK
the credit for the film 's winning tone 	UNK
an ` a ' list cast and 	UNK
chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them . 	UNK
, touching , smart and complicated 	UNK
a satisfying summer blockbuster and 	UNK
a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite son of the bride . 	UNK
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , 	UNK
, they wo n't enjoy the movie at all . 	UNK
a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy 	UNK
the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears 	UNK
a superior horror flick 	UNK
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter . 	UNK
, it is n't much fun . 	UNK
a major director is emerging in world cinema 	UNK
a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness 	UNK
in a well-balanced fashion 	UNK
feeling like a great missed opportunity 	UNK
of hard-bitten , cynical journalists 	UNK
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd . 	UNK
original cartoon 	UNK
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera 	UNK
the strength of their own cleverness 	UNK
like this movie a lot . 	UNK
's definitely a step in the right direction . 	UNK
's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style 	UNK
is why anthony hopkins is in it . 	UNK
an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays 	UNK
worn-out 	UNK
pouty-lipped poof 	UNK
not enough puff 	UNK
difficult and 	UNK
this film puts wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers . 	UNK
steers clear of the sensational and 	UNK
well-wrought story 	UNK
its nauseating spinning credits sequence 	UNK
is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . 	UNK
a shiver-inducing 	UNK
somebody might devote time to see it 	UNK
should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie . 	UNK
unexpected ways , touching 	UNK
trouble every day is a success in some sense , 	UNK
murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death 	UNK
fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships 	UNK
all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor . 	UNK
if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time 	UNK
little film noir organized crime story 	UNK
a crowdpleaser 	UNK
, it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer 	UNK
realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch 	UNK
its ultimate demise 	UNK
the music makes a nice album 	UNK
new , or inventive , journey 	UNK
its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline 	UNK
fan to appreciate scratch 	UNK
a certain ambition 	UNK
that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace 	UNK
a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet . 	UNK
law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey 	UNK
un-bear-able 	UNK
a small movie with a big impact 	UNK
chilling , and affecting study 	UNK
it 's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously . 	UNK
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin 	UNK
a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates 	UNK
numbness 	UNK
it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it 	UNK
that everlasting conundrum 	UNK
is fine 	UNK
ravishing waif 	UNK
the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public 	UNK
feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment 	UNK
is the action as gripping 	UNK
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not 	UNK
the pitch-perfect forster 	UNK
leave 	UNK
be compelling , amusing and unsettling 	UNK
a choke leash 	UNK
fused with their humor 	UNK
by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , 	UNK
that reaches across time and distance 	UNK
as beautiful , desirable , even delectable 	UNK
brilliantly constructed work 	UNK
the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience 	UNK
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and 	UNK
that really gives the film its oomph 	UNK
limpid and 	UNK
force you to scratch a hole in your head 	UNK
librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized 	UNK
much humor 	UNK
to me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy . 	UNK
two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance 	UNK
a flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile . 	UNK
off the page , and for the memorable character creations 	UNK
drumline ' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated . 	UNK
dog 	UNK
an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out 	UNK
cool crime movie 	UNK
establishes a wonderfully creepy mood 	UNK
dullest tangents 	UNK
is needed to live a rich and full life 	UNK
by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company 	UNK
this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences . 	UNK
to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense 	UNK
( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) 	UNK
gets the job done . 	UNK
sharp writing 	UNK
depressed 	UNK
much better 	UNK
is actually funny without hitting below the belt 	UNK
things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall 	UNK
time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge 	UNK
be a different kind of film 	UNK
while centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel . 	UNK
a very charming and funny movie . 	UNK
with vibrant charm 	UNK
a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family 	UNK
a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics 	UNK
outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and 	UNK
manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun . 	UNK
stephen earnhart 's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type . 	UNK
insightful discourse 	UNK
to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years 	UNK
it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong 	UNK
surprisingly funny movie 	UNK
a creaky `` pretty woman '' 	UNK
numbness . 	UNK
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable . 	UNK
it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course . 	UNK
kids 	UNK
buried , drowned and 	UNK
remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre 	UNK
heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment 	UNK
expert comic timing 	UNK
the broiling sun for a good three days 	UNK
necessary and timely 	UNK
it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while . 	UNK
the film itself is small and shriveled 	UNK
of emotional comfort 	UNK
care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories 	UNK
crafted a deceptively casual ode 	UNK
, but solidly entertaining 	UNK
i suspect that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it . 	UNK
the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching 	UNK
mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar 	UNK
masterful 	UNK
there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable . 	UNK
talk about for hours 	UNK
one of the best , most understated performances of ( jack nicholson 's ) career . 	UNK
the pacing is often way off 	UNK
the original 	UNK
'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie 	UNK
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and 	UNK
delightful comedy 	UNK
offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor 	UNK
just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , 	UNK
memorable film 	UNK
funny look 	UNK
the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy 	UNK
entertainingly presented 	UNK
raucously 	UNK
animated epic 	UNK
unique feel 	UNK
unrewarding 	UNK
of modern life 	UNK
minor film 	UNK
of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries 	UNK
has little insight 	UNK
with little logic or continuity 	UNK
its own action is n't very effective 	UNK
be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother 	UNK
if a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' does n't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids . 	UNK
it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going 	UNK
undoubtedly 	UNK
( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh 	UNK
sweet , funny , charming 	UNK
you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends . 	UNK
inferior level 	UNK
just a string 	UNK
has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point 	UNK
how low brow 	UNK
he expresses our most basic emotions 	UNK
warmth to go around , with music and laughter and 	UNK
the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way 	UNK
of great charm , generosity and diplomacy 	UNK
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up 	UNK
sodden 	UNK
cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries . 	UNK
into the upper echelons of the directing world 	UNK
keen 	UNK
foolish 	UNK
idiotically 	UNK
would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative 	UNK
real narrative logic 	UNK
nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone 	UNK
powerful drama 	UNK
muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through 	UNK
a trip 	UNK
does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution 	UNK
create a complex , unpredictable character 	UNK
engaging and exciting narrative 	UNK
looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way . 	UNK
an engrossing entertainment 	UNK
stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner 	UNK
great idea 	UNK
psychological case study 	UNK
yet another visit 	UNK
it almost loses what made you love it 	UNK
uncomfortably real 	UNK
achieves ultimate insignificance 	UNK
that extravagantly redeems it 	UNK
it 's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s . 	UNK
the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away . 	UNK
of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions 	UNK
it goes awry in the final 30 minutes 	UNK
got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile 	UNK
is such a perfect medium for children 	UNK
lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable 	UNK
what makes it worth a recommendation 	UNK
'' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow . 	UNK
lifts your spirits 	UNK
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and 	UNK
the delusions 	UNK
a feast 	UNK
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative . 	UNK
by the end of the movie , you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular . 	UNK
, it 's just grating 	UNK
illogical 	UNK
on the success of bollywood 	UNK
, even delectable 	UNK
devolves into the derivative 	UNK
tick-tock pacing 	UNK
a rollicking good time for the most part 	UNK
the heat of the moment prevails . 	UNK
be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general 	UNK
nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals 	UNK
best part ' of the movie 	UNK
a guiltless film 	UNK
while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart 	UNK
... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise . 	UNK
where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves 	UNK
entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed 	UNK
as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 	UNK
will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 	UNK
dry humor 	UNK
is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while 	UNK
because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	UNK
slightly pokey 	UNK
pink floyd tickets 	UNK
a winning and wildly fascinating work 	UNK
lukewarm and 	UNK
the visual panache , the comic touch , and 	UNK
oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' ) 	UNK
companion piece 	UNK
wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching . 	UNK
bidder 	UNK
most improbable 	UNK
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics 	UNK
be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser 	UNK
its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight 	UNK
while it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight . 	UNK
plays out like a flimsy excuse 	UNK
family responsibility and care 	UNK
toss logic and science 	UNK
that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief 	UNK
love . 	UNK
good actors , 	UNK
give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism 	UNK
that rare animal 	UNK
one-of-a-kind 	UNK
a good , hard yank 	UNK
this story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour . 	UNK
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles . 	UNK
the hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone . 	UNK
, mr. nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience . 	UNK
's so bad 	UNK
torn away 	UNK
humble , teach 	UNK
fax 	UNK
knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast . 	UNK
understated piece of filmmaking 	UNK
there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but 	UNK
she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon 	UNK
a compelling story 	UNK
bring off this wild welsh whimsy 	UNK
he or anyone else 	UNK
that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives 	UNK
most excruciating 86 minutes 	UNK
the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , 	UNK
is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing 	UNK
no explanation or even plot relevance 	UNK
you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already . 	UNK
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet . 	UNK
so intimate and sensual and funny and 	UNK
one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence 	UNK
no 	UNK
profoundly stupid 	UNK
... a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh . 	UNK
will enthrall the whole family 	UNK
good performances and 	UNK
like many of his works 	UNK
's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii . 	UNK
is repetitious 	UNK
demented premise 	UNK
knows , and very likely is 	UNK
a beautifully 	UNK
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year 	UNK
object lesson 	UNK
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs 	UNK
of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit 	UNK
with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack 	UNK
, realistic portrayal 	UNK
is a just a waste 	UNK
wind up using them as punching bags 	UNK
pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate 	UNK
spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes 	UNK
pitch-perfect 	UNK
the unfulfilling , incongruous 	UNK
... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time 	UNK
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble . 	UNK
accept it as life and go with its flow 	UNK
sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers . 	UNK
embodies the transformation of his character completely . 	UNK
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence 	UNK
cinematic knack 	UNK
duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks 	UNK
fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) 	UNK
that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery 	UNK
demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world 	UNK
jokester highway patrolmen 	UNK
a very good viewing alternative 	UNK
a domestic melodrama 	UNK
interminably 	UNK
michel piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being . 	UNK
carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff 	UNK
undercuts 	UNK
well-edited 	UNK
is classic nowheresville in every sense 	UNK
should pay reparations to viewers 	UNK
courageous molly craig 	UNK
awfully deadly 	UNK
insecure about its capacity 	UNK
flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror 	UNK
convenient 	UNK
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith 	UNK
piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 	UNK
, heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors . 	UNK
intricately structured and well-realized 	UNK
it 's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes 	UNK
, self-important stories 	UNK
a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism 	UNK
is serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context . 	UNK
indifferent 	UNK
easy sanctimony 	UNK
austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride . 	UNK
the sorriest 	UNK
much colorful 	UNK
about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful . 	UNK
very effective 	UNK
sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor 	UNK
, xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement . 	UNK
a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation 	UNK
there 's nothing else happening 	UNK
this kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater 	UNK
schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) , has succeeded beyond all expectation . 	UNK
vibrant 	UNK
captures both the beauty of the land and the people 	UNK
it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition 	UNK
the annoying score 	UNK
in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy 	UNK
although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america . 	UNK
show-stoppingly hilarious , but 	UNK
can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored 	UNK
an erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . 	UNK
pretty tattered 	UNK
get out 	UNK
particularly memorable 	UNK
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture 	UNK
is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement . 	UNK
rob schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines 	UNK
best inside-show-biz 	UNK
manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy . 	UNK
ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired 	UNK
the movie does not do them justice 	UNK
systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage 	UNK
in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes 	UNK
before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end . 	UNK
one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures . 	UNK
a family-oriented non-disney film 	UNK
as saccharine as it is disposable . 	UNK
successful one 	UNK
give a second look if we passed them on the street 	UNK
without a fresh infusion of creativity 	UNK
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but 	UNK
idiosyncratic humor 	UNK
with incredible subtlety and acumen 	UNK
that scalds like acid 	UNK
care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor 	UNK
the adventures of pluto nash '' is a big time stinker . 	UNK
's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness 	UNK
a small , personal film 	UNK
geriatric dirty harry 	UNK
this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life 	UNK
it is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill 	UNK
suited to a quiet evening on pbs 	UNK
elaborate 	UNK
a splendid job 	UNK
so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough 	UNK
get on a board and , uh , shred , 	UNK
want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned 	UNK
the respect they 	UNK
some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo 	UNK
lecherous 	UNK
vulgarities 	UNK
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue 	UNK
pristine style and bold colors 	UNK
, it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories . 	UNK
the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid . 	UNK
about the worst thing chan has done in the united states 	UNK
mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated 	UNK
built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids 	UNK
to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 	UNK
very experienced 	UNK
's something about mary and both american pie movies 	UNK
blessed with a searing lead performance 	UNK
recommend `` never again 	UNK
really unclear 	UNK
a sexy slip of an earth mother 	UNK
obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque 	UNK
with the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors , eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare . 	UNK
a heroine as feisty and principled as jane 	UNK
measured or polished 	UNK
offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame . 	UNK
you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , 	UNK
zero 	UNK
that annoying specimen of humanity 	UNK
this ludicrous film 	UNK
fanciful motion picture 	UNK
efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug . 	UNK
epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be 	UNK
every member 	UNK
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i 'm all for that . 	UNK
of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal 	UNK
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys 	UNK
of invention 	UNK
uneven action comedy 	UNK
as a classic movie franchise 	UNK
peculiar and always entertaining 	UNK
they finally feel absolutely earned 	UNK
blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering 	UNK
gleefully 	UNK
'' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into . 	UNK
only half-an-hour long or 	UNK
taking the easy hollywood road 	UNK
prepackaged 	UNK
full of elaborate and twisted characters 	UNK
paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks . 	UNK
such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution . 	UNK
mediocre horror film 	UNK
is better than you might think . 	UNK
fine effort 	UNK
through than in most ` right-thinking ' films 	UNK
snoozer 	UNK
's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive 	UNK
between flaccid satire and what 	UNK
the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work . 	UNK
could have been crisper and punchier , but 	UNK
effects that are more silly than scary 	UNK
from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	UNK
worth seeing just for weaver and lapaglia . 	UNK
intense and engrossing head-trip 	UNK
is a big time stinker . 	UNK
's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but 	UNK
even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck 	UNK
disintegrates 	UNK
pure misogynist evil 	UNK
criticism 	UNK
have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows 	UNK
mostly magnificent directorial career 	UNK
caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch 	UNK
that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema 	UNK
a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences . 	UNK
a lovely film 	UNK
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style . 	UNK
an empty shell 	UNK
artistically 	UNK
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly 	UNK
despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places 	UNK
that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and 	UNK
there 's nothing exactly wrong here , but 	UNK
join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks 	UNK
( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction 	UNK
keeps this pretty watchable , 	UNK
what we call the ` wow ' factor 	UNK
the best of comedies 	UNK
to be truly prurient 	UNK
ver wiel 's desperate attempt at wit 	UNK
laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man . 	UNK
that satisfies 	UNK
futuristic sets 	UNK
a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict 	UNK
sickeningly savage 	UNK
88-minute rip-off 	UNK
( t ) his slop 	UNK
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud . 	UNK
an enthralling 	UNK
the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook 	UNK
the acting is just fine 	UNK
rarity 	UNK
tolerate leon barlow 	UNK
this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone . 	UNK
is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels 	UNK
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... 	UNK
watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain 	UNK
old-fashioned , occasionally charming 	UNK
hollowness 	UNK
to enjoy good trash every now and then 	UNK
the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won 	UNK
to unexpected heights 	UNK
that 's low on both suspense and payoff 	UNK
conjure proper respect 	UNK
i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes . 	UNK
enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit 	UNK
quite unengaging 	UNK
every sequel you skip 	UNK
gently comic even as the film breaks your heart 	UNK
made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 	UNK
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others 	UNK
its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors 	UNK
just offensive 	UNK
the soul of a man in pain 	UNK
of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters 	UNK
the film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy . 	UNK
whose derring-do puts the x into the games 	UNK
low , very low , very very low 	UNK
of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects 	UNK
falls into the trap of pretention almost every time 	UNK
is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture 	UNK
as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . 	UNK
little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film 	UNK
virulently unpleasant excuse 	UNK
full of cheesy dialogue , 	UNK
arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel . 	UNK
oscar wilde 's classic satire 	UNK
`` simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality . 	UNK
worth catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance 	UNK
contrived as this may sound 	UNK
crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary 	UNK
with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 	UNK
of old-fashioned hollywood magic 	UNK
, i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ... 	UNK
through ill-conceived action pieces 	UNK
an overly familiar scenario 	UNK
, you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser . 	UNK
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films . 	UNK
, predictable rehash 	UNK
reaction 	UNK
the true impact 	UNK
( a ) crushing disappointment . 	UNK
enjoy seeing how both evolve 	UNK
both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others . 	UNK
absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes 	UNK
beyond-lame 	UNK
classical actress 	UNK
banal in its message and the choice of material 	UNK
irrational , long-suffering but cruel 	UNK
masochistic 	UNK
it offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them . 	UNK
earnest homage 	UNK
the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller 	UNK
have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat . 	UNK
charming , funny and beautifully crafted import 	UNK
drab wannabe 	UNK
wow 	UNK
the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd 	UNK
remarkably well 	UNK
desperate for the evening to end 	UNK
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy 	UNK
dreamlike 	UNK
it 's provocative stuff 	UNK
a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés 	UNK
into an inhalant blackout 	UNK
projector 's 	UNK
is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 	UNK
excuse for a film 	UNK
designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering 	UNK
some strong supporting players 	UNK
in practically every facet of inept filmmaking 	UNK
when ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science 	UNK
it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple 	UNK
of sentimental ooze 	UNK
ultimately empty examination 	UNK
marvelous performance 	UNK
ludicrous terms 	UNK
if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons 	UNK
into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films 	UNK
, it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head 	UNK
gentle 	UNK
to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting 	UNK
this engaging mix 	UNK
wo n't be an ) 	UNK
through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one 	UNK
everyone 's 	UNK
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale 	UNK
flawed but engrossing 	UNK
even shallow 	UNK
extraordinarily good 	UNK
swallow thanks to remarkable performances 	UNK
her third feature will be something to behold 	UNK
no new plot conceptions or 	UNK
works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera 	UNK
the vulgar , sexist , racist humor 	UNK
may have been a good film in `` trouble every day 	UNK
out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos 	UNK
a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in 	UNK
humanize 	UNK
so many merchandised-to-the-max movies 	UNK
contrived as this may sound , mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well . 	UNK
a whole heap 	UNK
pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel 	UNK
thumbs friggin ' down 	UNK
is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie 	UNK
just a simple fable done in an artless sytle 	UNK
makes a wonderful subject for the camera 	UNK
a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded . 	UNK
the hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight . 	UNK
a bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale 	UNK
bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically 	UNK
wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	UNK
a giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say . 	UNK
its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences 	UNK
the raw comic energy 	UNK
, this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten . 	UNK
that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why 	UNK
if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves 	UNK
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun . 	UNK
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time . 	UNK
amidst the action , the script carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . '' 	UNK
in insignificance 	UNK
is tenderly observant of his characters 	UNK
parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature 	UNK
ca n't go wrong . 	UNK
by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit 	UNK
the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid 	UNK
continues to improve . 	UNK
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , 	UNK
inept 	UNK
cuisine and palatable presentation 	UNK
of that 	UNK
ingenious and 	UNK
permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed 	UNK
dull-witted and 	UNK
winning performances and some effecting moments 	UNK
a sexy , surprising romance ... idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger 	UNK
the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds 	UNK
) 	UNK
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming 	UNK
boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . ' 	UNK
catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images 	UNK
is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 	UNK
they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused 	UNK
be building suspense 	UNK
the tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' . 	UNK
has created such a vibrant , colorful world 	UNK
except it 's much , much better . 	UNK
goofy , life-affirming moments 	UNK
a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama 	UNK
built for controversy 	UNK
a powerful 1957 drama 	UNK
you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson 	UNK
can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial 	UNK
so crisp and 	UNK
's still too burdened by the actor 	UNK
with a large cast representing a broad cross-section , tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes . 	UNK
are believable as people 	UNK
percolating 	UNK
especially well-executed television movie 	UNK
so much farcical 	UNK
as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , 	UNK
psychologically revealing 	UNK
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop . 	UNK
emerges as the very best of them 	UNK
a portrait of alienation 	UNK
is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable 	UNK
the proficient , dull sorvino 	UNK
seems so larger than life and yet so fragile 	UNK
, empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles . 	UNK
deserves an oscar nomination . 	UNK
a whale of a good time for both children and parents 	UNK
far less crass 	UNK
's definitely worth taking a look 	UNK
of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance 	UNK
unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope 	UNK
swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard 	UNK
suffers from all the excesses of the genre 	UNK
to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem 	UNK
of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 	UNK
take this film at face value 	UNK
an mtv , sugar hysteria , 	UNK
clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style 	UNK
turn away from one 	UNK
well , jason 's gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) . 	UNK
a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events . 	UNK
skip this turd and 	UNK
is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance 	UNK
is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops 	UNK
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references 	UNK
the power of spirits 	UNK
is definitely a cut above the rest 	UNK
intense and 	UNK
victim to sloppy plotting , 	UNK
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates 	UNK
too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one . 	UNK
the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life 	UNK
fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall ) 	UNK
's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie 	UNK
feel like it 's wasted yours 	UNK
a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood 's comic-book 	UNK
oppressively 	UNK
becoming too cute about it 	UNK
even while his characters are acting horribly 	UNK
the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it 	UNK
is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish 	UNK
blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling . 	UNK
heartbreak 	UNK
unchanged dullard 	UNK
writer-director walter hill and co-writer david giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags . 	UNK
director david fincher and writer david koepp ca n't sustain it . 	UNK
cuteness 	UNK
is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not 	UNK
familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same 	UNK
frenetic , funny , even punny 6 	UNK
no reason to watch 	UNK
fuel our best achievements and other times 	UNK
more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice 	UNK
crafty 	UNK
somewhat short 	UNK
'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ... ' 	UNK
yawn-provoking little farm melodrama . 	UNK
a date 	UNK
who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron 	UNK
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play 	UNK
realistic , urgent 	UNK
in this tepid genre offering 	UNK
is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep . 	UNK
never seems hopelessly juvenile . 	UNK
rather thin 	UNK
the symbols 	UNK
he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit 	UNK
find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation 	UNK
most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise 	UNK
be a one-trick pony 	UNK
make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series 	UNK
disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it 	UNK
is his best film yet ... 	UNK
nothing new to see 	UNK
shock-you-into-laughter intensity 	UNK
feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold 	UNK
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on 	UNK
how bad this movie was 	UNK
an imitation movie 	UNK
of a sports extravaganza 	UNK
are immaculate , 	UNK
should be used to burn every print of the film 	UNK
, kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again . 	UNK
out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment 	UNK
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live ) 	UNK
audacity to view one of shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy 	UNK
adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture 	UNK
playfully profound ... and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows . 	UNK
bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension 	UNK
into heaven 	UNK
what 's missing 	UNK
is often exquisite 	UNK
while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché 	UNK
inappropriate 	UNK
a terrific b movie -- 	UNK
has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth . 	UNK
an uncomfortable movie , 	UNK
decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three . 	UNK
a story of dramatic enlightenment 	UNK
queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle . 	UNK
distinctly minor 	UNK
as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter 	UNK
the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes 	UNK
stinks 	UNK
if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks 	UNK
bogging down in a barrage of hype 	UNK
with cliche 	UNK
a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit 	UNK
it is very difficult to care about the character , 	UNK
go at all the wrong moments 	UNK
soderbergh 's best films , 	UNK
another routine hollywood frightfest 	UNK
trash 	UNK
that rare quality 	UNK
's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting 	UNK
difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish 	UNK
denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 	UNK
is as predictable as the tides 	UNK
be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it 	UNK
stupid characters 	UNK
offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past 	UNK
so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance 	UNK
's potentially just as rewarding 	UNK
oddest 	UNK
comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man . 	UNK
yawner . 	UNK
a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn 	UNK
genius 	UNK
spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together 	UNK
the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties 	UNK
alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes . 	UNK
slow , predictable and 	UNK
is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet 	UNK
that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold 	UNK
preachy and 	UNK
's unfortunate 	UNK
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact 	UNK
while solondz tries and tries hard , storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket . 	UNK
not counting a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes . 	UNK
10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away . 	UNK
by a self-indulgent script 	UNK
often-funny comedy 	UNK
is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato . 	UNK
proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls 	UNK
rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge 	UNK
is just a little bit hard to love 	UNK
whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three 	UNK
one-sidedness 	UNK
lame romantic comedy 	UNK
hilarity 	UNK
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely 	UNK
pollution 	UNK
you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler 	UNK
culture-clash comedy 	UNK
suffocating rape-payback horror 	UNK
this modern mob music drama 	UNK
( has ) an immediacy 	UNK
delivers . 	UNK
feel alive - 	UNK
acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses 	UNK
the heroes of horror movies try to avoid 	UNK
resist his pleas to spare wildlife and 	UNK
the only reason 	UNK
awful complications 	UNK
seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release . 	UNK
a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images 	UNK
as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace 	UNK
technically sophisticated in the worst way 	UNK
's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references 	UNK
for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . 	UNK
utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story 	UNK
a lump of play-doh 	UNK
a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade 	UNK
really won my heart 	UNK
to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway 	UNK
as a reverie about memory and regret 	UNK
shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and 	UNK
lacks in depth 	UNK
charming and funny 	UNK
worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés 	UNK
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it , the project should have been made for the tube . 	UNK
he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film 	UNK
, sobering , heart-felt drama 	UNK
proper respect 	UNK
a fifty car pileup of cliches . 	UNK
suspense on different levels 	UNK
all its fusty squareness 	UNK
and pasta-fagioli comedy 	UNK
held my interest precisely 	UNK
entertained by 	UNK
, nutty , consistently funny . 	UNK
by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience 	UNK
more slowly 	UNK
, original 	UNK
too stupid 	UNK
for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers 	UNK
was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel 	UNK
like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables 	UNK
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series 	UNK
so insanely dysfunctional 	UNK
nice , light treat 	UNK
intimate and universal cinema 	UNK
incredibly captivating and 	UNK
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination . 	UNK
what the hell was coming next 	UNK
is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action 	UNK
an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously . 	UNK
forget 	UNK
are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times . 	UNK
'd bother watching past the second commercial break 	UNK
tasty morsels 	UNK
suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length 	UNK
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism . 	UNK
think the lion king redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star . 	UNK
the best of herzog 's works 	UNK
`` the good girl '' a film worth watching 	UNK
drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth . 	UNK
is as generic as its title 	UNK
this bracingly truthful antidote to hollywood teenage movies that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty . 	UNK
you might want to check it out 	UNK
the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt 	UNK
going to take you 	UNK
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access 	UNK
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws . 	UNK
being unique 	UNK
jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier . 	UNK
with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do 	UNK
works on some levels and 	UNK
dawns , real dawns , comic relief 	UNK
refracting 	UNK
a strong script , powerful direction 	UNK
rigged and sluggish 	UNK
affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed 	UNK
from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing 	UNK
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice . 	UNK
no cute factor 	UNK
would be an abridged edition 	UNK
seen through the right eyes 	UNK
something hip and transgressive 	UNK
sweet , charming 	UNK
are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy . 	UNK
is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family . 	UNK
a xerox machine 	UNK
they do n't fit well together and neither is well told 	UNK
that powerhouse 	UNK
concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway 	UNK
a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title 	UNK
most excruciating 86 minutes one 	UNK
a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking 	UNK
the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass . 	UNK
in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse 	UNK
a fully developed story 	UNK
screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation 	UNK
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , 	UNK
with celluloid garbage 	UNK
if the title is a jeopardy question , then the answer might be `` how does steven seagal come across these days ? '' 	UNK
about identity and alienation 	UNK
to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one 	UNK
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy 	UNK
it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions 	UNK
simple tale 	UNK
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher 	UNK
fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 	UNK
as an important , original talent in international cinema 	UNK
at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating . 	UNK
than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy 	UNK
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note 	UNK
the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while 	UNK
the performances are often engaging 	UNK
a retread story , bad writing , and 	UNK
that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium 	UNK
laid-back good spirits 	UNK
is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . 	UNK
struggling nobody 	UNK
traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery 	UNK
the worst of the brosnan bunch 	UNK
be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and 	UNK
that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame 	UNK
rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis . 	UNK
so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump 	UNK
's too long and unfocused . 	UNK
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved . 	UNK
made to be jaglomized is the cannes film festival , the annual riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money . 	UNK
admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions 	UNK
do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some . 	UNK
performances of exceptional honesty 	UNK
wears out 	UNK
that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs 	UNK
, uninhibited 	UNK
, this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food . 	UNK
were paying dues for good books unread 	UNK
are ... 	UNK
translation : ` we do n't need to try very hard 	UNK
genuinely good 	UNK
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short 	UNK
despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity . 	UNK
begins to fade from memory 	UNK
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty 	UNK
will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about . 	UNK
to probe questions of attraction and interdependence 	UNK
an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances 	UNK
as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity 	UNK
is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just 	UNK
what he could make with a decent budget 	UNK
a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here . 	UNK
the most surprising thing 	UNK
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's . 	UNK
a dumb comedy 	UNK
filmmakers dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann area headed east , far east , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie 	UNK
i 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : 	UNK
fill time 	UNK
terrific film 	UNK
reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies . 	UNK
the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot 	UNK
, poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 	UNK
watch your merchant ivory productions 	UNK
you need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work . 	UNK
in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers 	UNK
worth the look 	UNK
serious minded patience , respect and affection 	UNK
, you can do no wrong with jason x. 	UNK
the thing ' and a geriatric 	UNK
's surprisingly decent 	UNK
a good documentarian 	UNK
stress ` dumb 	UNK
charming 	UNK
her confidence in her material 	UNK
the usual movie rah-rah 	UNK
crafted 	UNK
show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck 	UNK
an honest , sensitive story 	UNK
a complete shambles 	UNK
has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project 	UNK
steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . 	UNK
to his pulpy thrillers 	UNK
painful lie 	UNK
it the most 	UNK
it can be safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter . 	UNK
if the film has a problem 	UNK
an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and 	UNK
truly annoying pitch 	UNK
a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away . 	UNK
a huge action sequence 	UNK
deadpan cool , wry humor 	UNK
brilliantly 	UNK
wannabe 	UNK
( westbrook ) makes a wonderful subject for the camera . 	UNK
a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination 	UNK
one scene 	UNK
, inner-city autistic 	UNK
a way that few movies have ever approached 	UNK
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney 's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not 	UNK
some movies that hit you from the first scene 	UNK
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , 	UNK
needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting 	UNK
hell is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through . 	UNK
bottom 	UNK
a fluid , no-nonsense authority 	UNK
it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions 	UNK
why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood 	UNK
solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous . 	UNK
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor 	UNK
makes it worth a recommendation 	UNK
angst-ridden 	UNK
a tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with 	UNK
is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors . 	UNK
most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 	UNK
see this movie 	UNK
first-time director joão pedro rodrigues ' unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on . 	UNK
but how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery . 	UNK
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . ' 	UNK
packed with just as much intelligence as action 	UNK
delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle 	UNK
the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years 	UNK
does not make for much of a movie . 	UNK
far less sophisticated 	UNK
an awful sour taste 	UNK
is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato 	UNK
seems suited neither to kids or adults . 	UNK
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and 	UNK
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , 	UNK
a relentlessly globalizing world 	UNK
well done , but slow 	UNK
it lacks in outright newness 	UNK
of psychopathic pulp 	UNK
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths . 	UNK
so compellingly with us is a minor miracle 	UNK
be in video stores by christmas 	UNK
turns a blind eye 	UNK
this gutter romancer 's 	UNK
be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other 	UNK
is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann . 	UNK
intelligent , well-made b movie 	UNK
despite besson 's high-profile name being wasabi 's big selling point , there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone . 	UNK
casts its spooky net 	UNK
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... 	UNK
is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance 	UNK
, it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera . 	UNK
case zero . 	UNK
energizes it 	UNK
of the best of the swashbucklers 	UNK
is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus 	UNK
even more remarkable 	UNK
abbass 's understated 	UNK
undeniably intriguing film 	UNK
of a freshly painted rembrandt 	UNK
great impression 	UNK
is seriously compromised by that 	UNK
allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years . 	UNK
find in this dreary mess 	UNK
this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship . 	UNK
mugging their way through snow dogs 	UNK
the tasteful little revision works 	UNK
're in luck . 	UNK
will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll 	UNK
that frenetic spectacle ( on the tv show ) has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout . 	UNK
personable , amusing cast 	UNK
make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous 	UNK
to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies 	UNK
in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal 	UNK
mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach . 	UNK
it deserves to be seen everywhere . 	UNK
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , 	UNK
practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte 	UNK
is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle 	UNK
very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure 	UNK
personally , i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet . 	UNK
the magic that made it all work 	UNK
at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution 	UNK
breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d 	UNK
shallow and 	UNK
that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics 	UNK
writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin 	UNK
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but 	UNK
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive 	UNK
truly bad 	UNK
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping 	UNK
this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain 	UNK
a good human being 	UNK
poverty 	UNK
just such a dungpile 	UNK
this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity 	UNK
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience . 	UNK
to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved 	UNK
flamboyant style 	UNK
have done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age . 	UNK
... an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit . 	UNK
more good than great but freeman and judd make it work . 	UNK
received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen 	UNK
brave and challenging 	UNK
be considered a funny little film 	UNK
gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other . 	UNK
stilted and unconvincing 	UNK
this alleged psychological thriller 	UNK
veered off too far into the exxon zone , and 	UNK
imbued with passion and attitude 	UNK
almost seems like a documentary in the way 	UNK
its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor 	UNK
in tight pants and big tits 	UNK
true to its animatronic roots : 	UNK
when ( reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al. , reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture . 	UNK
the `` a '' range , 	UNK
fills the eyes 	UNK
is oppressively heavy . 	UNK
the climactic hourlong cricket match 	UNK
make ` cherish ' a very good ( but not great ) movie 	UNK
in the film that surprises or delights 	UNK
find much fascination 	UNK
a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism 	UNK
joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed 	UNK
hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre 	UNK
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking 	UNK
but overall the halloween series has lost its edge 	UNK
the simpering soundtrack and editing more so 	UNK
lost its edge 	UNK
a poignant and gently humorous 	UNK
completely honest 	UNK
good enough to be the purr 	UNK
then by all means check it out . 	UNK
on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script 	UNK
made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime 	UNK
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but 	UNK
is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action . 	UNK
elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy . 	UNK
considerable 	UNK
the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock 	UNK
created such a vibrant , colorful world 	UNK
but it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain . 	UNK
a tired , predictable 	UNK
struggle furiously 	UNK
extravaganza 	UNK
a depressing story 	UNK
that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation 	UNK
pyrotechnics its punchy style promises 	UNK
might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson 	UNK
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and 	UNK
take as long as you 've paid a matinee price 	UNK
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash. , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting . 	UNK
is firing his r&d people 	UNK
that such a talented director as chen kaige 	UNK
and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience . 	UNK
she allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly . 	UNK
for the future , one hopes mr. plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter . 	UNK
both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes . 	UNK
does not have 	UNK
an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them 	UNK
feels impersonal , almost generic . 	UNK
are poorly delivered 	UNK
, often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 	UNK
as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation 	UNK
too clichéd and too often strains 	UNK
to be a compelling 	UNK
i 'm likely to see all year 	UNK
fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie 	UNK
turn out okay 	UNK
impeccable comic skill 	UNK
of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal 	UNK
redundant and 	UNK
terrible . 	UNK
far more meaningful 	UNK
director lee has a true cinematic knack 	UNK
the gorgeous piano and 	UNK
a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame . 	UNK
three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot 	UNK
no one in the audience or the film seems to really care 	UNK
box office money that makes michael jordan jealous 	UNK
the greatest date movies in years 	UNK
is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie . 	UNK
is a children 's film in the truest sense 	UNK
cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience . 	UNK
of routine stuff yuen 	UNK
flatter 	UNK
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' 	UNK
reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- 	UNK
the field no favors 	UNK
scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv 	UNK
a wise and powerful tale 	UNK
the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious 	UNK
elegant and eloquent ( meditation ) on death and that most elusive of passions , love . 	UNK
breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people 	UNK
forget about it by monday , though 	UNK
eerily accurate 	UNK
a fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries . 	UNK
bogdanovich puts history in perspective 	UNK
you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides 	UNK
thrill you , touch you 	UNK
visuals and enveloping sounds 	UNK
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves . 	UNK
what results is the best performance from either in years 	UNK
this overlong infomercial 	UNK
remains surprisingly idealistic 	UNK
rodan is out of his league 	UNK
as particularly memorable or even all that funny 	UNK
trashy 	UNK
to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american right-wing extremists 	UNK
it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame . 	UNK
well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie 	UNK
too cliched 	UNK
fabulously funny and 	UNK
it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before 	UNK
it 's also not very good . 	UNK
there is truth here 	UNK
substantive 	UNK
may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards 	UNK
is spot on 	UNK
to triumphantly sermonize 	UNK
it is a refreshingly forthright one 	UNK
, contrived sequels 	UNK
wannabe . 	UNK
over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference 	UNK
the rich and sudden wisdom , 	UNK
consistent embracing humanity 	UNK
indigestion sets 	UNK
empowerment tale thinly 	UNK
this is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live . 	UNK
undernourished and plodding 	UNK
glorious 	UNK
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and 	UNK
beautiful , self-satisfied 	UNK
long-lived friendships and 	UNK
are far more alienating than involving 	UNK
punching people in the stomach again 	UNK
a soul-stirring documentary 	UNK
you are likely to witness in a movie theater for some time 	UNK
should be doing a lot of things , but does n't . 	UNK
entertains not so much 	UNK
the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol . 	UNK
sordid universe 	UNK
it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls 	UNK
a remarkably accessible and haunting film 	UNK
for the ones that do n't come off 	UNK
host to some truly excellent sequences 	UNK
pure composition 	UNK
i 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week 	UNK
the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run 	UNK
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but 	UNK
compelling supporting characters 	UNK
equally miserable film 	UNK
its invitingly upbeat overture to 	UNK
juxtapositions 	UNK
this beautifully animated epic 	UNK
a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement . 	UNK
as it is , it 's too long and unfocused . 	UNK
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh . 	UNK
trusted audiences 	UNK
a bad film 	UNK
is almost in a class with that of wilde himself . 	UNK
it 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller . 	UNK
in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize 	UNK
glamorous machine 	UNK
for some very good acting , dialogue , 	UNK
form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . 	UNK
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace 	UNK
but quietly effective retelling 	UNK
wannabe-hip crime comedy 	UNK
it 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive . 	UNK
recreation to resonate 	UNK
becoming 	UNK
profoundly 	UNK
could easily be dealing with right now in your lives 	UNK
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , 	UNK
little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation 	UNK
' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . 	UNK
all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television . 	UNK
emotional and 	UNK
somehow makes it all the more compelling . 	UNK
intriguing and alluring 	UNK
disbelief 	UNK
, pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture . 	UNK
for people who like their romances to have that french realism 	UNK
every bit as high 	UNK
a feast for the eyes 	UNK
i spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits 	UNK
tackled a meaty subject and 	UNK
irresistibly uncanny ambience 	UNK
warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it . 	UNK
would have easily tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is 	UNK
a true and historically significant story 	UNK
awfully 	UNK
it takes to describe how bad it is 	UNK
slap her 	UNK
die-hard french film connoisseurs 	UNK
a sincere performance 	UNK
credulous 	UNK
does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence . 	UNK
the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up 	UNK
's the gift of the magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene 	UNK
, so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ? 	UNK
emotionally grand 	UNK
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , 	UNK
's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo . 	UNK
acute writing and a host of splendid performances 	UNK
that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans 	UNK
you 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery . 	UNK
's definitely a step in the right direction 	UNK
have developed some taste 	UNK
a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 	UNK
refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body 	UNK
exactly how bad it is 	UNK
award 	UNK
slightly less successful 	UNK
bad action movie 	UNK
successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters 	UNK
achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars 	UNK
contradictory 	UNK
is loaded with good intentions 	UNK
the e-graveyard 	UNK
a smart comedy 	UNK
's a very valuable film 	UNK
enticing and 	UNK
a step down 	UNK
a mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke . 	UNK
an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents 	UNK
reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture . 	UNK
borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires , 	UNK
that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog 	UNK
is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . 	UNK
brimming 	UNK
is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film 	UNK
you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals . 	UNK
any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast 	UNK
worst cinematic tragedies 	UNK
and completely ridiculous 	UNK
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional 	UNK
if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh . 	UNK
does a great combination act 	UNK
employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities 	UNK
organized 	UNK
someone who obviously knows nothing about crime 	UNK
moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver 	UNK
has had a successful career in tv 	UNK
you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state . 	UNK
a 60-second homage 	UNK
is just the point 	UNK
the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 	UNK
of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then 	UNK
a sleep-inducing thriller with a single 	UNK
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , 	UNK
this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity . 	UNK
will probably be in wedgie heaven . 	UNK
the fun of the movie 	UNK
gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels 	UNK
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool 	UNK
distinctly sub-par ... 	UNK
borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy . 	UNK
about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . 	UNK
are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ? 	UNK
seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material 	UNK
meandering and confusing . 	UNK
acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense 	UNK
a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings 	UNK
seem like something to endure instead of enjoy 	UNK
, heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear 	UNK
mugs mercilessly 	UNK
an unwieldy cast 	UNK
other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 	UNK
recommend secretary 	UNK
a quiet , disquieting triumph 	UNK
campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful . 	UNK
death to smoochy is often very funny 	UNK
, the weight of water is oppressively heavy . 	UNK
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- 	UNK
and we do n't avert our eyes for a moment . 	UNK
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , 	UNK
the most original fantasy film ever made 	UNK
spot 	UNK
suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought 	UNK
largely flat and uncreative moments 	UNK
interesting psychological game 	UNK
masters of both 	UNK
praises female self-sacrifice 	UNK
i did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy 	UNK
to adopt as a generational signpost 	UNK
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell 	UNK
sensuality and a conniving wit 	UNK
its elegantly colorful look and 	UNK
a durable part 	UNK
the movie 's seams may show ... but pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling 	UNK
are worse 	UNK
enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals 	UNK
cleaner 	UNK
give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss 	UNK
the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama . 	UNK
-- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while . 	UNK
the film never feels derivative 	UNK
the gifted pearce 	UNK
smart , 	UNK
unsuccessful attempt 	UNK
well directed 	UNK
satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action 	UNK
predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell . 	UNK
coherent 	UNK
to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds 	UNK
more to think about after the final frame 	UNK
what 's really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best . 	UNK
at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists 	UNK
trash-cinema 	UNK
brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day . 	UNK
to check your brain at the door 	UNK
as good a job as anyone 	UNK
just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes 	UNK
rewarding 	UNK
virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension 	UNK
do no wrong 	UNK
will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget 	UNK
, there is a mediocre movie trying to get out . 	UNK
unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy 	UNK
you to scratch a hole in your head 	UNK
in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags . 	UNK
cool visual backmasking ) 	UNK
indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length 	UNK
rises above superficiality 	UNK
i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne 	UNK
transvestite comedy 	UNK
has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing 	UNK
flailing 	UNK
asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema 's capability for recording truth . 	UNK
dramatically lackluster . 	UNK
slap-happy 	UNK
challenging or depressing 	UNK
return to form for director peter bogdanovich 	UNK
soggy potboiler 	UNK
to the idiocy of its last frames 	UNK
it 's crafty , energetic and smart -- 	UNK
, not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it 	UNK
so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen 	UNK
the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness . 	UNK
the hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame . 	UNK
are uncomfortably strained 	UNK
shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence 	UNK
of the more overtly silly dialogue 	UNK
best actress 	UNK
is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out . 	UNK
dialog between realistic characters 	UNK
's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting 	UNK
( barry ) gives assassin a disquieting authority . 	UNK
this nasty comedy 	UNK
's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas 	UNK
, intelligent 	UNK
is that her confidence in her material is merited 	UNK
heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness 	UNK
like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while 	UNK
b-movie category 	UNK
in its committed dumbness 	UNK
desiccated talent 	UNK
so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film . 	UNK
why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world 	UNK
outing with one of france 's most inventive directors 	UNK
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , 	UNK
is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run 	UNK
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest 	UNK
equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek 	UNK
does pack some serious suspense 	UNK
does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 	UNK
one problem with the movie , 	UNK
allegiance to chekhov 	UNK
snide 	UNK
of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation 	UNK
a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life 	UNK
the best possible senses 	UNK
make for some robust and scary entertainment . 	UNK
constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human 	UNK
must shoot it in the head 	UNK
feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago . 	UNK
israeli/palestinian conflict as 	UNK
letting go at all the wrong moments 	UNK
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes . 	UNK
the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm . 	UNK
nails all of orlean 's themes 	UNK
a film -- full of life and small delights -- 	UNK
's a fantastic movie 	UNK
mistake . 	UNK
instead of using george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics . 	UNK
stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard 	UNK
out of eudora welty 	UNK
that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life 	UNK
jump-in-your-seat 	UNK
movies about angels 	UNK
a cold , calculated exercise 	UNK
turn away from one another instead of talking 	UNK
writer and director otar iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice 	UNK
odd bedfellows 	UNK
able to give full performances 	UNK
wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder 	UNK
could n't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ? 	UNK
fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting 	UNK
this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people 	UNK
the product 	UNK
the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie 	UNK
may look cool 	UNK
... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes . 	UNK
in an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve . 	UNK
that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess 	UNK
an impressive style 	UNK
, he is always sympathetic . 	UNK
permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed . 	UNK
reasonably creative 	UNK
uncommonly pleasurable 	UNK
dislikable study in sociopathy . 	UNK
is they have a tendency to slip into hokum 	UNK
's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease 	UNK
maudlin and cliche-ridden 	UNK
hawaiian setting 	UNK
... about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season . 	UNK
there 's a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout . 	UNK
know a star 	UNK
a modest masterpiece . 	UNK
be made on the cheap 	UNK
that profound , at least 	UNK
equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information 	UNK
perfected 	UNK
because they 're clueless and inept 	UNK
offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close . 	UNK
a higher plateau 	UNK
buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role . 	UNK
a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ... 	UNK
natural sportsmen 	UNK
friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia 	UNK
painfully redundant and inauthentic 	UNK
not without merit 	UNK
well-made and satisfying thriller 	UNK
rally to its cause , 	UNK
a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona 	UNK
resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche . 	UNK
bottom-feeder 	UNK
its rawness and vitality 	UNK
a chilling tale 	UNK
a truly magical movie 	UNK
gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways . 	UNK
freshening 	UNK
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone 's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america . 	UNK
, funny , even punny 6 	UNK
enjoyed the love story 	UNK
the film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand . 	UNK
up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick 	UNK
is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors . 	UNK
reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain 	UNK
does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects 	UNK
$ 99 bargain-basement special 	UNK
unbalanced mixture 	UNK
compellingly watchable . 	UNK
a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur 	UNK
so could young romantics out on a date . 	UNK
wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character 	UNK
hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter 	UNK
a stark portrait 	UNK
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage . 	UNK
offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them . 	UNK
impressive and 	UNK
a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches . 	UNK
is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain 	UNK
that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food 	UNK
strikingly devious 	UNK
prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense 	UNK
to the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief 	UNK
action-adventure buffs 	UNK
stop buying tickets to these movies 	UNK
the start -- and , refreshingly , 	UNK
, in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life 	UNK
rich with human events 	UNK
the dynamic first act 	UNK
this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed . 	UNK
be on video 	UNK
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up 	UNK
that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country 	UNK
not well enough 	UNK
it 's a cool event for the whole family . 	UNK
capable thriller 	UNK
at three hours and with very little story or character development 	UNK
nothing we have n't seen before from murphy 	UNK
more beautiful than either of those films 	UNK
is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau . 	UNK
this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism 	UNK
wholesome and 	UNK
i 'm guessing the director is a magician . 	UNK
the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape 	UNK
boisterous , heartfelt comedy 	UNK
bang-up 	UNK
us share their enthusiasm 	UNK
innovative backgrounds 	UNK
a powerful emotional wallop 	UNK
's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries . 	UNK
the movie is a dud . 	UNK
of balto 	UNK
at its best , it 's black hawk down with more heart . 	UNK
are sometimes bracing 	UNK
offers opportunities for occasional smiles 	UNK
's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face 	UNK
drag an audience 	UNK
succeeded only in making me groggy 	UNK
thurman 	UNK
as any other arnie musclefest 	UNK
funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality 	UNK
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen . 	UNK
amusing 	UNK
with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and rocawear clothing 	UNK
offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone 	UNK
so poorly plotted and scripted . 	UNK
bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man 	UNK
is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way . 	UNK
all the demographically appropriate comic buttons 	UNK
schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas 	UNK
creepy-crawly bug things 	UNK
a classy , sprightly spin 	UNK
it aspires 	UNK
its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes 	UNK
utterly absorbing 	UNK
, you should be able to find better entertainment . 	UNK
the first mistake , i suspect , 	UNK
of the most original american productions this year 	UNK
it is definitely worth seeing . 	UNK
with a humanistic message 	UNK
sex 	UNK
but rather , ` how can you charge money for this ? ' 	UNK
a lot of tooth in roger dodger 	UNK
the best date movie of the year 	UNK
in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget 	UNK
the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving 	UNK
as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down 	UNK
gimmicky 	UNK
begins with promise , 	UNK
tickled 	UNK
too violent 	UNK
rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys 	UNK
living under a rock 	UNK
that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow 	UNK
the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible . 	UNK
fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 	UNK
the excitement 	UNK
short of profound characterizations 	UNK
that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny 	UNK
to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world 	UNK
like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form 	UNK
careless and unfocused 	UNK
an observant , unfussily poetic meditation 	UNK
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it 	UNK
one of the most genuinely sweet films 	UNK
who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act 	UNK
despite its sincere acting 	UNK
the last days 	UNK
are able to accomplish 	UNK
the update is dreary and sluggish . 	UNK
who is not a character in this movie 	UNK
of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways 	UNK
all bluster 	UNK
it 's supposed to feel funny and light 	UNK
the screenplay or something 	UNK
, signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype . 	UNK
provoked to intolerable levels 	UNK
done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez 	UNK
his control 	UNK
mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . 	UNK
hypnotically dull , 	UNK
auto-critique 	UNK
inspired 	UNK
pure movie 	UNK
is visually ravishing , 	UNK
seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do . 	UNK
paced and satisfying 	UNK
to make of this italian freakshow 	UNK
what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test . 	UNK
to have the best of both worlds 	UNK
's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing 	UNK
although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything . 	UNK
of the film 's cheeky charm 	UNK
healing process 	UNK
actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks 	UNK
a captivating drama 	UNK
old-fashioned hollywood magic 	UNK
realistically 	UNK
that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations 	UNK
inhabit that special annex of hell 	UNK
collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture . 	UNK
newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , 	UNK
of fun for all 	UNK
a hit - and-miss affair , 	UNK
great , has solid acting and a neat premise 	UNK
do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept 	UNK
an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit 	UNK
agony 	UNK
of nearly epic proportions 	UNK
filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible 	UNK
my greatest pictures 	UNK
is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes 	UNK
modest amusements 	UNK
fun of me 	UNK
) just too bratty for sympathy 	UNK
magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty 	UNK
to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins 	UNK
a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression . 	UNK
its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded . 	UNK
scenes all end in someone screaming . 	UNK
plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood . 	UNK
is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often . 	UNK
gain from watching they 	UNK
grittily beautiful film 	UNK
left in the broiling sun for a good three days 	UNK
... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . 	UNK
too deep 	UNK
, the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan . 	UNK
an opportunity missed . 	UNK
works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon 	UNK
war 	UNK
nearly perfect in their roles 	UNK
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film . 	UNK
mindless and boring 	UNK
this listless feature will win him any new viewers 	UNK
the light of the exit sign 	UNK
like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book 	UNK
a lot more 	UNK
's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer 	UNK
's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure 	UNK
seen this exact same movie a hundred times 	UNK
of this laughable dialogue 	UNK
will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels . 	UNK
the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors 	UNK
about nothing 	UNK
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , 	UNK
touching good sense on the experience of its women 	UNK
concrete story and definitive answers 	UNK
as bad at it is cruel 	UNK
a lovably 	UNK
a chilling movie 	UNK
it gets harder and harder to understand her choices 	UNK
to shock and amaze 	UNK
, three-dimensional characters 	UNK
witless 	UNK
a pointless , meandering celebration 	UNK
find it uninteresting 	UNK
hollywood pipeline 	UNK
the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy 	UNK
the solid filmmaking 	UNK
the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs . 	UNK
is a disaster . 	UNK
squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge ' 	UNK
, did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ? 	UNK
family and community 	UNK
the film is full of charm . 	UNK
is interesting 	UNK
are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance 	UNK
it 's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke . 	UNK
ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . 	UNK
ice age wo n't drop your jaw , 	UNK
sharply comic and 	UNK
wonderfully speculative 	UNK
slightly flawed 	UNK
's being conned right up to the finale 	UNK
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical 	UNK
the city 's old-world charm 	UNK
to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing 	UNK
although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants 	UNK
, ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype . 	UNK
befuddled in its characterizations 	UNK
of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery 	UNK
vibrantly colored 	UNK
even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside 	UNK
veers like a drunken driver 	UNK
backstage must-see 	UNK
, because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful 	UNK
broadcast 	UNK
where their heads were 	UNK
and withholds delivery 	UNK
knockabout 	UNK
journey into a philosophical void . 	UNK
margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake . 	UNK
coming-of-age portrait 	UNK
for insomnia 	UNK
on the deep deceptions of innocence 	UNK
boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie . 	UNK
's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , 	UNK
seat 	UNK
more ways 	UNK
a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking 	UNK
big stars and 	UNK
meandering , low on energy , 	UNK
degrading and strangely liberating 	UNK
tends to plod . 	UNK
is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors 	UNK
a haunted house , 	UNK
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history 	UNK
will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year . 	UNK
is so pat it makes your teeth hurt . 	UNK
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , 	UNK
wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor 	UNK
offers rare insight 	UNK
no , it 's not as single-minded as john carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels 	UNK
past his prime 	UNK
it is a hilarious place to visit 	UNK
has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel 	UNK
's as lumpy as two-day old porridge 	UNK
maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out would n't make trouble every day any better . 	UNK
, marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it . 	UNK
meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws 	UNK
quirky and funny 	UNK
having an old friend for dinner ' 	UNK
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods 	UNK
good trash 	UNK
just unlikable 	UNK
insecure 	UNK
a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart 	UNK
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera . 	UNK
each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth . 	UNK
successful on other levels 	UNK
wonderful acting clinic 	UNK
ate 	UNK
a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi . 	UNK
is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb 	UNK
made-for-tv 	UNK
the charismatic jackie chan to 	UNK
all its flaws 	UNK
reserved but existential 	UNK
a stab at soccer hooliganism , 	UNK
life-affirming message 	UNK
worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops 	UNK
drain 	UNK
be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad 	UNK
, the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature . 	UNK
you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over 	UNK
freddy gets molested 	UNK
a bold ( and lovely ) experiment that will 	UNK
are side stories aplenty 	UNK
lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . 	UNK
most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river . 	UNK
has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . 	UNK
the real triumphs 	UNK
, it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen . 	UNK
has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director 	UNK
spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh 	UNK
as comedic spotlights go , notorious c.h.o. hits all the verbal marks it should . 	UNK
in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen 	UNK
it 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread . 	UNK
a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is . 	UNK
every joke is repeated at least 	UNK
makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian 	UNK
is flat . 	UNK
add up to a biting satire that has no teeth 	UNK
a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history 	UNK
as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work 	UNK
the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying 	UNK
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated . 	UNK
is genial and decent 	UNK
heavy on the atmospheric weirdness 	UNK
, also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end 	UNK
overstylized , puréed mélange 	UNK
has a bigger-name cast 	UNK
odds with the rest of the film 	UNK
too amateurish 	UNK
was utterly charming 	UNK
commands attention 	UNK
barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference . 	UNK
a powerful performance 	UNK
even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient 	UNK
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting 	UNK
an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones 	UNK
is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated 	UNK
their way around this movie directionless , 	UNK
, it 's still not a good movie 	UNK
sounds whiny and defensive 	UNK
has fun with the quirks of family life 	UNK
format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them 	UNK
enthusiasm 	UNK
the story together frustrating difficult 	UNK
there 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all 	UNK
a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 	UNK
slimed in the name of high art 	UNK
idol 's 	UNK
contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad . 	UNK
empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles . 	UNK
toss-up 	UNK
poetry 	UNK
often lethally dull 	UNK
full of surprises . 	UNK
overwhelming sadness 	UNK
another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s american sports movie 	UNK
margarita happy hour 	UNK
the pleasure 	UNK
too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy 	UNK
trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory 	UNK
that you want to slap it 	UNK
his pleas 	UNK
is disappointingly generic 	UNK
little grace ( rifkin 's ) tale of precarious skid-row dignity 	UNK
her best 	UNK
, stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film . 	UNK
... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone . 	UNK
be called animation 	UNK
warm and winning central performance 	UNK
made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes 	UNK
to turn his movie in an unexpected direction 	UNK
there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling 	UNK
his fake backdrops 	UNK
lacks fellowship 's heart 	UNK
by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it ... then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop . 	UNK
that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly 	UNK
relegated 	UNK
e.t. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet . 	UNK
comes 	UNK
of ineptly 	UNK
find love 	UNK
builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy 	UNK
authentic 	UNK
a mundane '70s disaster flick 	UNK
matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates . 	UNK
is a total misfire 	UNK
is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . 	UNK
kitchen-sink homage 	UNK
gets better after foster leaves that little room . 	UNK
( madonna 's ) denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag . 	UNK
that 's where this film should have remained 	UNK
find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie 	UNK
the plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , 	UNK
, this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus . 	UNK
a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie 	UNK
despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances . 	UNK
's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever 	UNK
something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message 	UNK
it 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable . 	UNK
describing badness 	UNK
undeterminable 	UNK
the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line . 	UNK
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , 	UNK
runteldat is something of a triumph . 	UNK
, `` orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . 	UNK
as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma . 	UNK
visually flashy but narratively opaque and 	UNK
insomnia 	UNK
arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact . 	UNK
a shame 	UNK
even more damning -- 	UNK
a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches 	UNK
of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end 	UNK
comic gem 	UNK
piercingly affecting ... 	UNK
feels homogenized and a bit contrived 	UNK
bad alternative music 	UNK
enough , but nothing new 	UNK
world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists 	UNK
remains prominent 	UNK
as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters 	UNK
entirely irresistible 	UNK
, the eye candy here lacks considerable brio . 	UNK
a documentary and more propaganda 	UNK
as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered 	UNK
bad imitation 	UNK
that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then 	UNK
learning but inventing a remarkable new trick 	UNK
's always fun to watch 	UNK
way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film 	UNK
made it all work 	UNK
thrilling combination 	UNK
need a stronger stomach than us 	UNK
a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills 	UNK
ennui-hobbled 	UNK
` praise the lord 	UNK
the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle 	UNK
searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say 	UNK
tired tyco ad 	UNK
its characters and communicates something 	UNK
tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period 	UNK
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , 	UNK
where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks 	UNK
one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen 	UNK
rather dull , unimaginative 	UNK
to serve the work especially well 	UNK
, multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation 	UNK
have to put up with 146 minutes of it 	UNK
that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 	UNK
very sluggish pace 	UNK
seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro 's right-hand goombah . 	UNK
feels rigged and sluggish . 	UNK
gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through 	UNK
without ever succumbing to sentimentality 	UNK
fresh and raw 	UNK
dramatically moving 	UNK
some genuine quirkiness 	UNK
proud 	UNK
argue 	UNK
if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride . 	UNK
is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell 	UNK
deal with the subject of love head-on 	UNK
from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche 	UNK
includes too much obvious padding 	UNK
of low-budget filmmaking 	UNK
almost as offensive as `` freddy 	UNK
its unforced comedy-drama 	UNK
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood . 	UNK
grade-school audience 	UNK
do n't see often enough these days 	UNK
can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor 	UNK
, godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work . 	UNK
is better than any summer blockbuster 	UNK
none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , 	UNK
a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it 	UNK
no solace here , 	UNK
the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay . 	UNK
's quinn ( is ) a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . 	UNK
anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché 	UNK
as broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism . 	UNK
sharp comedy 	UNK
sophisticated and surprising 	UNK
but it does n't leave you with much . 	UNK
director anne fontaine 	UNK
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies . 	UNK
into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances 	UNK
... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ... 	UNK
very well done 	UNK
though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works 	UNK
demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack . 	UNK
enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , walt becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons . 	UNK
the ethos of the chelsea hotel 	UNK
disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 	UNK
has enough wit 	UNK
undeniably worthy and devastating 	UNK
work up much entertainment value 	UNK
the very hollowness of the character he plays 	UNK
, robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . 	UNK
'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ... 	UNK
keep this fresh . 	UNK
its lackluster gear 	UNK
rare movie 	UNK
barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , 	UNK
side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull 	UNK
( the stage show ) , you still have to see this ! 	UNK
give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed 	UNK
's invigorating about 	UNK
a nice , harmless date film 	UNK
healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition 	UNK
this often-hilarious farce 	UNK
as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing 	UNK
, though goofy and lurid , 	UNK
gold 	UNK
crass and insulting 	UNK
veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic 	UNK
an intimate contemplation 	UNK
would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book 	UNK
yes , mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it . 	UNK
have loved it 	UNK
can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . 	UNK
of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity 	UNK
( the cockettes ) provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . ' 	UNK
bold biographical fantasia 	UNK
if you saw benigni 's pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . 	UNK
who possibly will enjoy it 	UNK
is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten 	UNK
we are undeniably touched . 	UNK
, it still seems endless . 	UNK
laugh their *** off 	UNK
hanna-barbera charm 	UNK
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself . 	UNK
energetic and original 	UNK
uninspired philosophical 	UNK
naïveté 	UNK
poo-poo 	UNK
the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them . 	UNK
i wanted more . 	UNK
a just a waste 	UNK
's a frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be 	UNK
consider it ` perfection 	UNK
waste 	UNK
reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , 	UNK
mattei so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money . 	UNK
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl - 	UNK
trying to sneak out of the theater 	UNK
run-of-the-mill disney sequel 	UNK
liked it 	UNK
all its effective moments 	UNK
macabre and 	UNK
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , 	UNK
intelligent people 	UNK
's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 	UNK
sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic 	UNK
through contrived plot points 	UNK
halfway intriguing plot 	UNK
it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it 	UNK
gives the lie to many clichés 	UNK
enjoying 	UNK
find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish 	UNK
layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and 	UNK
from its material that is deliberately unsettling 	UNK
the stuffiest cinema goers 	UNK
it an exhilarating 	UNK
has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series . 	UNK
dreamlike ecstasy 	UNK
is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion 	UNK
humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation 	UNK
with a modicum of patience 	UNK
conflict 	UNK
worst possibilities 	UNK
it 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert . 	UNK
indoctrinated prejudice 	UNK
some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results 	UNK
loses 	UNK
of elephant feces 	UNK
most delightful 	UNK
does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls 	UNK
a triumph of imagination 	UNK
a convincing impersonation 	UNK
as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself 	UNK
a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea . 	UNK
pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood 	UNK
the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy 	UNK
in need of a scented bath 	UNK
the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché 	UNK
first great film 	UNK
a feel movie 	UNK
it equals the original and in some ways even betters it 	UNK
of direct-to-video nash 	UNK
energetic and 	UNK
unwary 	UNK
a nice coffee table book 	UNK
an all-around good time at the movies this summer 	UNK
to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience 	UNK
the finish line 	UNK
it would be easy for critics to shred it 	UNK
, derrida is all but useless 	UNK
a satisfying summer blockbuster 	UNK
cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you 	UNK
trapped 	UNK
frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining 	UNK
leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances . 	UNK
the grandness 	UNK
flat , misguided comedy . 	UNK
lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving 	UNK
funny and 	UNK
in an art film ! 	UNK
be careful what you wish for '' 	UNK
find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective 	UNK
it 's not the least of afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history . 	UNK
is so fine 	UNK
to care about 	UNK
be liked sometimes 	UNK
the funniest american comedy 	UNK
the con 	UNK
is an earnest study in despair 	UNK
the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem 	UNK
the mark of a documentary that works 	UNK
but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . 	UNK
flashy twists 	UNK
a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance 	UNK
, and irritating 	UNK
, it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film . 	UNK
this is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies . 	UNK
make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster 	UNK
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and 	UNK
if you love reading and/or poetry 	UNK
some decent performances 	UNK
firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon . 	UNK
ever released by a major film studio . 	UNK
a sloppy slapstick 	UNK
offers an interesting bit of speculation 	UNK
brutally labored and unfunny 	UNK
a great cast and 	UNK
will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches 	UNK
's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair 	UNK
peace is possible 	UNK
inquisitive enough 	UNK
seen 10,000 times 	UNK
the muck 	UNK
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing 	UNK
may prove to be ( tsai 's ) masterpiece . 	UNK
some people march to the beat of a different drum 	UNK
want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead 	UNK
're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	UNK
has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people . 	UNK
a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns 	UNK
drawing wrenching performances 	UNK
interesting matters of identity and heritage 	UNK
, having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 	UNK
focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs 	UNK
is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye . 	UNK
the basic flaws 	UNK
is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling 	UNK
's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action 	UNK
the film would be a total washout . 	UNK
is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression 	UNK
not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . 	UNK
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before . 	UNK
is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage 	UNK
followed through on her defiance of the saccharine 	UNK
boys ' 	UNK
its own brilliance 	UNK
your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts . 	UNK
, this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times . 	UNK
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience . 	UNK
an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love 	UNK
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and 	UNK
broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed . 	UNK
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low . 	UNK
musical number 	UNK
this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy . 	UNK
the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster . 	UNK
old-fashioned storytelling 	UNK
this orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed . 	UNK
repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness . 	UNK
it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film . 	UNK
seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do 	UNK
the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada . 	UNK
an encouraging new direction for la salle 	UNK
remains vividly in memory 	UNK
half-baked setups and 	UNK
lose 	UNK
this little $ 1.8 million charmer , 	UNK
dullest kiddie flicks 	UNK
holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm 	UNK
got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2 	UNK
while broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture 	UNK
to classify as it is hard to resist 	UNK
its chicken heart 	UNK
by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept 	UNK
a touching , transcendent love story 	UNK
languishing on a shelf somewhere 	UNK
no fantasy story 	UNK
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory 	UNK
the artificial structure 	UNK
reminiscent of alfred hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` signs ' 	UNK
vulgar 	UNK
never clearly defines his characters or 	UNK
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering 	UNK
so devoid 	UNK
poignant and delicately 	UNK
ludicrous and 	UNK
as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast 	UNK
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through 	UNK
from cowering poverty to courage and happiness 	UNK
signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination 	UNK
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him . 	UNK
have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame 	UNK
heart-warming 	UNK
a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 	UNK
realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 	UNK
explode obnoxiously 	UNK
is wry and engrossing . 	UNK
that there 's nothing resembling a spine here 	UNK
almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises . 	UNK
while the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull 	UNK
particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period 	UNK
to use the word `` new '' in its title 	UNK
not particularly scary 	UNK
of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker 	UNK
a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , 	UNK
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level 	UNK
's supposed to be a romantic comedy 	UNK
add anything fresh 	UNK
has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made 	UNK
exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie 	UNK
that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed 	UNK
while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter 	UNK
the dialogue is cumbersome 	UNK
, romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present hollywood program . 	UNK
to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 	UNK
you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet 	UNK
sin 	UNK
steve martin 	UNK
a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game 	UNK
an enthusiastic charm in fire 	UNK
like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 	UNK
in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 	UNK
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy 	UNK
a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing 	UNK
films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	UNK
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point . 	UNK
nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is 	UNK
cheatfully 	UNK
be a straightforward bio 	UNK
here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha . 	UNK
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture . 	UNK
this surprisingly decent flick 	UNK
is heartfelt and achingly real 	UNK
in genre cliches 	UNK
the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan 	UNK
the movie tries to make sense of its title character 	UNK
lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film 	UNK
does strong , measured work . 	UNK
jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod . 	UNK
a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland 	UNK
a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed 	UNK
be tried as a war criminal 	UNK
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and 	UNK
there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , 	UNK
pastel landscapes 	UNK
director nancy savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could . 	UNK
no interesting concept can escape 	UNK
it would be 	UNK
on a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire . 	UNK
flickering reminders of the ties that bind us 	UNK
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon 	UNK
has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing . 	UNK
it begins to fade from memory 	UNK
a sudden lunch rush 	UNK
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , 	UNK
a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair 	UNK
combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise 	UNK
not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images 	UNK
repulsive and depressing 	UNK
lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 	UNK
watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves 	UNK
intense experience 	UNK
heedless 	UNK
little uneven 	UNK
sealed with a kiss 	UNK
very ugly 	UNK
why this project was undertaken 	UNK
the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and 	UNK
halfhearted 	UNK
dilutes the pleasure of watching them 	UNK
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and 	UNK
can get your money back 	UNK
this is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors . 	UNK
the most entertaining monster movies in ages 	UNK
and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics 	UNK
's rare 	UNK
gets vivid performances from her cast 	UNK
the preachy 	UNK
lovingly 	UNK
a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling . 	UNK
it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers 	UNK
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock . 	UNK
confusion and 	UNK
of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes 	UNK
the power of this movie 	UNK
too immature and unappealing to care about 	UNK
-- she 's pretty and she can act -- 	UNK
proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes . 	UNK
nice to see piscopo again after all these years 	UNK
a quiet , disquieting triumph . 	UNK
in other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year . 	UNK
self-discovery 	UNK
it 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do . 	UNK
knockoff . 	UNK
all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore 	UNK
odd , rapt spell 	UNK
but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 	UNK
a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise 	UNK
amazing finesse 	UNK
no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population . 	UNK
smug and convoluted action-comedy that 	UNK
never fails to entertain 	UNK
the national lampoon film franchise , 	UNK
of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up 	UNK
you liked the previous movies in the series 	UNK
if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve 	UNK
a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture 	UNK
is really , really stupid . 	UNK
underdone 	UNK
to hear the full story of jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it 	UNK
shallow and dim-witted 	UNK
despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this . 	UNK
the powerful 	UNK
kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness . 	UNK
than bad 	UNK
it is flawed 	UNK
anyone in his right mind would want to see the it 	UNK
is one carried by a strong sense of humanism 	UNK
this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary . 	UNK
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories 	UNK
a laundry list of minor shortcomings 	UNK
much of this slick and sprightly cgi feature 	UNK
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up . 	UNK
lack contrast , 	UNK
the supernatural trappings only obscure the message 	UNK
the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood . 	UNK
gently humorous and touching . 	UNK
the mess that is world traveler 	UNK
a film of quiet power 	UNK
compelling character 	UNK
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi 's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . 	UNK
ironically killer soundtrack 	UNK
no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy 	UNK
the whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break . 	UNK
's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title . 	UNK
an unruly adolescent boy 	UNK
an undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band . 	UNK
does little here 	UNK
contemplative 	UNK
doze off thirty minutes into the film 	UNK
embodies the transformation of his character completely 	UNK
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , miss congeniality . 	UNK
making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters 	UNK
in all its strange quirks 	UNK
the seemingly irreconcilable situation 	UNK
's a pale imitation 	UNK
'd want to watch if you only had a week to live 	UNK
useless movie 	UNK
... flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags . 	UNK
, we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized . 	UNK
than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album 	UNK
a zippy jazzy score 	UNK
( a ) stale retread of the '53 original 	UNK
, charming and quirky 	UNK
it is thought-provoking . 	UNK
in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. 	UNK
directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory . 	UNK
know the picture is in trouble . 	UNK
this film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion . 	UNK
a movie that 's held captive by mediocrity . 	UNK
the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals 	UNK
damaged-goods 	UNK
what 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children . 	UNK
curious about each other against all odds 	UNK
mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot 	UNK
lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter 	UNK
's why sex and lucia is so alluring . 	UNK
is : ` scooby ' do n't 	UNK
no new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through . 	UNK
obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential . 	UNK
ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story 	UNK
with a pleasing verisimilitude 	UNK
the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities 	UNK
achingly human 	UNK
it 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish . 	UNK
no one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but the guys still feels counterproductive . 	UNK
a sun-drenched masterpiece 	UNK
an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp 	UNK
a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni 	UNK
a provocateur 	UNK
what ( denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film 	UNK
hard , cold effect 	UNK
his inspiration 	UNK
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan 	UNK
a sea of visual and verbal clichés 	UNK
the characters seem one-dimensional 	UNK
of the recent hollywood trip tripe 	UNK
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed 	UNK
drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap 	UNK
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff 	UNK
wo n't score points for political correctness 	UNK
does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour . 	UNK
to laugh at how bad 	UNK
enchanting ... 	UNK
it 's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark . 	UNK
who cares ? 	UNK
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy . 	UNK
to do a little fleeing of its own 	UNK
the heart and soul of cinema 	UNK
repulsive 	UNK
, mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits . 	UNK
a straight-to-video movie 	UNK
is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation 	UNK
clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up . 	UNK
charming than in about a boy 	UNK
like any of these despicable characters 	UNK
you have left the theater 	UNK
with her small , intelligent eyes 	UNK
the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . 	UNK
that this film was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be 	UNK
fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people 	UNK
profound humanity 	UNK
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot . 	UNK
as tryingly as the title 	UNK
a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza 	UNK
if disney 's cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then cinderella ii proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes . 	UNK
it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious . 	UNK
a rich tale of our times 	UNK
, imaginative filmmaking 	UNK
crossroads feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama . 	UNK
blue crush is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be . 	UNK
blade ii merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew . 	UNK
an enormously entertaining movie 	UNK
a surprisingly charming and even witty match 	UNK
crisp storytelling 	UNK
rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor 	UNK
that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy 	UNK
muted freak-out 	UNK
earns extra points 	UNK
a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . 	UNK
particular talents 	UNK
be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly 	UNK
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter 	UNK
rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed 	UNK
entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch 	UNK
's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage 	UNK
is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness 	UNK
to great artistic significance 	UNK
little emotional resonance 	UNK
revelatory and 	UNK
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains . 	UNK
surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia 	UNK
are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile 	UNK
, pretty and gifted , it really won my heart 	UNK
lessen the overall impact the movie could have had 	UNK
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and 	UNK
scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters 	UNK
has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie 	UNK
, the basic plot of `` lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script . 	UNK
go wrong 	UNK
while the story 's undeniably hard to follow , iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce . 	UNK
wanted to leave 	UNK
the script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people . 	UNK
's flawed and brilliant 	UNK
that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun 	UNK
argentinian thriller 	UNK
almost peerlessly unsettling . 	UNK
to some truly excellent sequences 	UNK
does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up 	UNK
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . ' 	UNK
in its own simplicity 	UNK
satisfies 	UNK
it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before 	UNK
no 	UNK
captivatingly 	UNK
is adequate 	UNK
a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously . 	UNK
is a lumbering , wheezy drag 	UNK
glossy hollywood 	UNK
a strong first act and 	UNK
's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin 	UNK
often achieves a level of connection and concern 	UNK
you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie 	UNK
a movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you 've actually spent time living in another community . 	UNK
very well-meaning movie , 	UNK
colorful and controversial 	UNK
corny conventions 	UNK
attack 	UNK
australian filmmaker david flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them . 	UNK
well-intentioned effort 	UNK
were that grand a failure 	UNK
clueless does south fork 	UNK
glib but 	UNK
far more demanding than it needs to be 	UNK
two not very absorbing characters 	UNK
a fifty car pileup 	UNK
the lack 	UNK
american musical comedy as we know it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway . 	UNK
to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn 	UNK
the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice 	UNK
this odd , distant portuguese import more or less 	UNK
a gorgeously strange movie , 	UNK
left off the film 's predictable denouement 	UNK
been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around 	UNK
motivated by nothing 	UNK
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , 	UNK
blow it off the screen 	UNK
's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out . 	UNK
as pedestrian as they come . 	UNK
the climactic burst of violence 	UNK
want my money back 	UNK
let this morph into a typical romantic triangle 	UNK
moldering pile 	UNK
inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss . 	UNK
that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside 	UNK
a long shot 	UNK
an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence . 	UNK
very least 	UNK
gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry . 	UNK
the worst movies of one year 	UNK
not a strike against yang 's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ? 	UNK
admit that i am baffled by jason x. 	UNK
to lowly studio hack 	UNK
interesting social 	UNK
which has a handful of smart jokes 	UNK
is more than merely a holocaust movie 	UNK
dense , exhilarating documentary 	UNK
the script , which has a handful of smart jokes 	UNK
great equalizer 	UNK
abandoned their slim hopes and dreams 	UNK
humorous and tender 	UNK
snide and prejudice . 	UNK
is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller 	UNK
a compelling 	UNK
he refuses to evaluate his own work 	UNK
be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness 	UNK
while huppert ... is magnificent 	UNK
in place for a great film noir 	UNK
robust and scary 	UNK
my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year 	UNK
there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller 	UNK
's plenty to offend everyone ... 	UNK
from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- 	UNK
it 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue . 	UNK
that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages 	UNK
smart , funny , subtle , and resonant 	UNK
no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 	UNK
is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . 	UNK
a positively thrilling combination 	UNK
's why sex and lucia is so alluring 	UNK
only a genius 	UNK
flamboyant female comics 	UNK
makes the movie special 	UNK
drama , suspense , revenge , and romance 	UNK
makes absolutely no sense 	UNK
strolls 	UNK
upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing 	UNK
it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction 	UNK
is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull 	UNK
manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal 	UNK
become smug or sanctimonious 	UNK
i do n't mean that in a good way 	UNK
written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there 's something about mary co-writer ed decter . 	UNK
makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while . 	UNK
his excellent cast 	UNK
is more in love with strangeness than excellence 	UNK
phoney-feeling sentiment 	UNK
on cotton candy 	UNK
is extraordinarily good . 	UNK
stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater 	UNK
she 's a pretty woman 	UNK
lyne 's stolid remake 	UNK
little wit and no surprises 	UNK
as temptingly easy 	UNK
whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance 	UNK
is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous 	UNK
jagger , stoppard and 	UNK
adult movies 	UNK
make a gorgeous pair 	UNK
paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years . 	UNK
spooky new thriller 	UNK
whether you can tolerate leon barlow 	UNK
christian-themed fun 	UNK
effortless 	UNK
obvious cliches 	UNK
a light-hearted way 	UNK
use of his particular talents . 	UNK
its epic scope 	UNK
outshined 	UNK
the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . 	UNK
zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a 	UNK
not great 	UNK
terrific 	UNK
lightweight meaning 	UNK
hits all the verbal marks it should . 	UNK
the light comedic work 	UNK
share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle 	UNK
on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams 	UNK
as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line 	UNK
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre 	UNK
by writer-director kurt wimmer 	UNK
, but also more than anything else slight ... tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations . 	UNK
what you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height . 	UNK
takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals 	UNK
, there 's much to recommend the film . 	UNK
a prostitute 	UNK
which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach 	UNK
it 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that . 	UNK
be more genial than ingenious 	UNK
to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock 	UNK
slimed 	UNK
is too loud and thoroughly overbearing 	UNK
between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked 	UNK
makes no difference in the least 	UNK
the bad reviews 	UNK
gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness 	UNK
smug self-satisfaction 	UNK
will worm its way there 	UNK
accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency . 	UNK
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist . 	UNK
shrewdly 	UNK
such subtlety and warmth 	UNK
plain , unimaginative 	UNK
anemic 	UNK
that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' 	UNK
disney 's cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes 	UNK
a stunning film 	UNK
well-structured film 	UNK
a horrible , 99-minute 	UNK
as a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy 	UNK
nothing happens , 	UNK
shapeless and uninflected 	UNK
martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere 	UNK
sadistic 	UNK
sometimes a chuckle 	UNK
found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent 	UNK
seagal ran out of movies years ago 	UNK
the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten 	UNK
cram earplugs 	UNK
chatty fish 	UNK
feel like mopping up , 	UNK
stalls 	UNK
manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema 	UNK
crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy 	UNK
welcome and heartwarming 	UNK
energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage 	UNK
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime 	UNK
the upper echelons 	UNK
remains a perfect wildean actor 	UNK
some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options 	UNK
i mind ugly 	UNK
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and 	UNK
low-rent retread 	UNK
somewhat tired 	UNK
enough sweet and 	UNK
crude and unrelentingly exploitative 	UNK
starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true 	UNK
... a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here . 	UNK
it 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit . 	UNK
schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and 	UNK
leaves a lot to be desired 	UNK
'll cheer . 	UNK
claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem . 	UNK
none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens . 	UNK
stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie . 	UNK
candid 	UNK
the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun 	UNK
memorable performances 	UNK
are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary 	UNK
ugly , irritating 	UNK
was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention 	UNK
enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode 	UNK
's sweet . 	UNK
it just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on ( or be entertained by ) . 	UNK
fluffy 	UNK
in venice 	UNK
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience 	UNK
it 's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress . 	UNK
surprisingly insightful 	UNK
will keep them awake 	UNK
does not make for much of a movie 	UNK
in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience 	UNK
a potentially sudsy set-up 	UNK
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation 	UNK
of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest 	UNK
is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy . 	UNK
, resonant gem 	UNK
an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music 	UNK
for its rather slow beginning 	UNK
to suspense thriller 	UNK
the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed . 	UNK
harrowing and uplifting 	UNK
the humor dwindles . 	UNK
hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated 	UNK
fluffy and disposible . 	UNK
something of the ultimate scorsese film 	UNK
of the guru who helped 	UNK
birot 's 	UNK
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history 	UNK
is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , despite a few whopping shootouts . 	UNK
offbeat humor , amusing characters , 	UNK
to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence 	UNK
extremely flat 	UNK
most original american productions 	UNK
quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing 	UNK
make you think about existential suffering 	UNK
directing with a sure and measured hand 	UNK
left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity 	UNK
sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama 	UNK
, unlikable characters 	UNK
a seriously bad film with seriously 	UNK
the screen -- loud , violent and mindless 	UNK
just as rewarding 	UNK
treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody . 	UNK
remind one of a really solid woody allen film 	UNK
first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 	UNK
but believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen . 	UNK
this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work 	UNK
fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time 	UNK
in the end , there is n't much to it . 	UNK
all awkward , static 	UNK
's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself . 	UNK
grant is n't cary and bullock is n't katherine . 	UNK
does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events 	UNK
it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds 	UNK
the gift of tears 	UNK
a bad name 	UNK
as wonderful on the big screen 	UNK
this emotional car-wreck 	UNK
a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable 	UNK
on ugly digital video 	UNK
high-concept scenario 	UNK
that it 's hard not to be carried away 	UNK
could n't come up with a better script . 	UNK
argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door 	UNK
with a fresh point of view 	UNK
slow , predictable and not very amusing 	UNK
's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever . 	UNK
juvenile camera movements 	UNK
of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape 	UNK
remake sleepless in seattle again and again 	UNK
that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about 	UNK
virtually no understanding 	UNK
, actor raymond j. barry is perfectly creepy and believable . 	UNK
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , 	UNK
all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy 	UNK
the three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling . 	UNK
dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . 	UNK
of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man 	UNK
with `` ichi the killer '' , takashi miike , japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman ... 	UNK
final act 	UNK
girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls 	UNK
acceptable 	UNK
imaginatively mixed cast 	UNK
diverting and modest 	UNK
are mean giggles and pulchritude . 	UNK
is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style 	UNK
virtuoso 	UNK
the obvious cliches 	UNK
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books . 	UNK
burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed 	UNK
the drama that gives added clout to this doc 	UNK
vile enough 	UNK
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve 	UNK
separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd 	UNK
is bright and flashy in all the right ways . 	UNK
this nervy oddity , like modern art 	UNK
clever and unexpected 	UNK
puts to rest any thought that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food . 	UNK
should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting . 	UNK
technically proficient 	UNK
even worse than its title 	UNK
there 's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin . 	UNK
this uncharismatically 	UNK
stronger 	UNK
's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience . 	UNK
impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant 	UNK
is n't talking a talk that appeals to me 	UNK
carlos 	UNK
put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year 	UNK
surprisingly brilliant 	UNK
a funny little film 	UNK
a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and 	UNK
certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . 	UNK
the direction is intelligently accomplished 	UNK
disney 's 1937 breakthrough 	UNK
titillating material 	UNK
can handle 	UNK
's so striking about jolie 's performance 	UNK
peppered with false starts 	UNK
michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something 	UNK
a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy 	UNK
paul bettany is cool . 	UNK
shamelessly manipulative 	UNK
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline 	UNK
a cool event 	UNK
, pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . 	UNK
the leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material . 	UNK
an inspiring tale 	UNK
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , 	UNK
a preposterous , prurient whodunit 	UNK
energetic , extreme-sports adventure 	UNK
the best rock 	UNK
backed by sheer nerve 	UNK
's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after 	UNK
avoiding eye contact and 	UNK
too fast 	UNK
richly resonant work 	UNK
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake 	UNK
much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance 	UNK
bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie ... is , also , frequently hilarious . 	UNK
his dead mother 	UNK
-- that the ` true story ' by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen . 	UNK
is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal 	UNK
to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script 	UNK
is unusual but unfortunately also irritating . 	UNK
almost impossible 	UNK
exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision 	UNK
unconcerned 	UNK
unstinting 	UNK
there 's nothing exactly wrong here 	UNK
in old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , ms. shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast . 	UNK
the unbearable lightness of being 	UNK
believable mother/daughter pair 	UNK
charisma 	UNK
witty feature 	UNK
it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre 	UNK
who , exactly , is fighting whom here 	UNK
smart 	UNK
there 's no real sense of suspense , and 	UNK
threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans 	UNK
thumbs down 	UNK
a mimetic approximation of better films 	UNK
successfully blended satire , 	UNK
the tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' 	UNK
spectacle and pacing 	UNK
this engaging mix of love and bloodletting 	UNK
psychologically unpersuasive 	UNK
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly appealing . 	UNK
, he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy 	UNK
before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg 's adaptation of mary gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . 	UNK
targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic . 	UNK
the surprise ending 	UNK
filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran 	UNK
's muy loco , but no more ridiculous 	UNK
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst . 	UNK
with a tawdry b-movie scum 	UNK
smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band . 	UNK
a really good premise 	UNK
whirlwind 	UNK
full of sex , drugs and rock 	UNK
`` sorority boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad . 	UNK
artistic significance 	UNK
a crass and insulting homage 	UNK
's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films 	UNK
is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . 	UNK
sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment . 	UNK
of a predictable outcome and a screenplay 	UNK
like reading a research paper 	UNK
actually pulling it off 	UNK
proud warrior 	UNK
's crafty , energetic and smart 	UNK
groaners 	UNK
one senses 	UNK
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab 	UNK
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful 	UNK
is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold . 	UNK
of her life with the imagery in her paintings 	UNK
sad sack 	UNK
recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters 	UNK
daft by half ... but 	UNK
its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity 	UNK
for once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own . 	UNK
preciousness 	UNK
is also a work of deft and subtle poetry 	UNK
plotless collection of moronic stunts 	UNK
plain old blarney 	UNK
has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right 	UNK
one of the best looking and stylish 	UNK
important , original talent 	UNK
to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking 	UNK
the cast is top-notch and 	UNK
give what may be the performances of their careers . 	UNK
a comedic moment 	UNK
cruelty and suffering 	UNK
old-fashioned , occasionally charming and 	UNK
she can act 	UNK
gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks 	UNK
without overdoing it 	UNK
contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster . 	UNK
it 's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed . 	UNK
well-made but mush-hearted . 	UNK
that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention 	UNK
of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade 	UNK
lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories 	UNK
inventive screenplay 	UNK
of human frailty fascinates 	UNK
gets under our skin and 	UNK
is not as well-conceived as either of those films 	UNK
returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s 	UNK
a huge amount of the credit for the film 	UNK
during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action 	UNK
good man 	UNK
linking a halfwit plot 	UNK
it is that it does n't give a damn . 	UNK
an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and 	UNK
the magic ( and original running time ) of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away survives intact in bv 's re-voiced version . 	UNK
sub-formulaic slap 	UNK
the group 's playful spark of nonconformity 	UNK
of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion 	UNK
out-sized 	UNK
manner and flamboyant style 	UNK
also rocks . 	UNK
is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation . 	UNK
fits the bill 	UNK
waste their time on it 	UNK
an easy film 	UNK
inventive moments 	UNK
is a bomb 	UNK
an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle 	UNK
one of the most unpleasant things the studio 	UNK
engaging and unpredictable character pieces 	UNK
of the theater feeling 	UNK
rather bland 	UNK
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys . 	UNK
hip ' 	UNK
the darkest variety 	UNK
the butt of its own joke 	UNK
chronically mixed signals 	UNK
most sincere 	UNK
fascinating 	UNK
, you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting . 	UNK
broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil 	UNK
a terrific look 	UNK
sword-and-sorcery plot 	UNK
in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell 	UNK
that the movie has no idea of it is serious 	UNK
the best silly horror movies 	UNK
its flaws 	UNK
watching this waste of time 	UNK
without being shrill 	UNK
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and 	UNK
disappointingly generic 	UNK
well enough 	UNK
aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) 	UNK
the film is insightful about kissinger 's background and history . 	UNK
, lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , 	UNK
needed so badly but what is virtually absent 	UNK
is merely a charmless witch 	UNK
's too harsh 	UNK
so , i trust 	UNK
flashes of mordant humor 	UNK
long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time 	UNK
swallow its absurdities and crudities 	UNK
wild ride 	UNK
a literary detective story is still a detective story 	UNK
did n't laugh . 	UNK
cowardly 	UNK
like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining 	UNK
redeemed by its stars 	UNK
noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill 	UNK
the best films 	UNK
the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see . 	UNK
achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding 	UNK
captures the complicated relationships in a marching band 	UNK
has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy 	UNK
impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats 	UNK
give credit to affleck 	UNK
poor fit 	UNK
can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed 	UNK
a wonderful thing 	UNK
strong and convincing performances 	UNK
of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor 	UNK
grenade 	UNK
disgusting source material 	UNK
parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill 	UNK
that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating 	UNK
, numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before . 	UNK
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday 	UNK
rendered in as flat 	UNK
kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design 	UNK
more good than great 	UNK
gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan '' 	UNK
corny 	UNK
jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company . 	UNK
a dream is a wish your heart makes 	UNK
, you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals . 	UNK
those visual in-jokes 	UNK
's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh 	UNK
has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity . 	UNK
missing from it 	UNK
muddy psychological thriller 	UNK
you forget you 've been to the movies . 	UNK
then ends with a whimper 	UNK
in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth 	UNK
held my interest 	UNK
a jaunt down memory lane for teens 	UNK
stretched out to feature length 	UNK
its source 's complexity 	UNK
dazzling conceptual feat 	UNK
ideological 	UNK
more accomplished 	UNK
dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and 	UNK
twice removed 	UNK
dark comedy 	UNK
trapped at a bad rock concert 	UNK
excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries 	UNK
smart , nuanced look 	UNK
with a hack script 	UNK
tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing 	UNK
nails hard - boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy 	UNK
to pull his head out of his butt 	UNK
a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer 	UNK
the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast 	UNK
the most moronic screenplays of the year , 	UNK
informative and breathtakingly spectacular 	UNK
the movie stirs us as well . 	UNK
spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative 	UNK
dominant 	UNK
this emotional misery 	UNK
horizons 	UNK
has a compelling story to tell 	UNK
the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny . 	UNK
ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast . 	UNK
's an entertaining and informative documentary . 	UNK
so spot on 	UNK
has rewards , 	UNK
of artificial suspense 	UNK
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside 	UNK
will warm your heart 	UNK
( a ) strong piece of work . 	UNK
the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d 	UNK
from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances 	UNK
to describe how bad it is 	UNK
valentine 	UNK
arty and 	UNK
cassavetes thinks he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon 	UNK
best-sustained 	UNK
so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second 	UNK
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that 	UNK
deadeningly drawn-out 	UNK
you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead 	UNK
the adrenaline jolt 	UNK
manages sweetness largely without stickiness . 	UNK
does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . 	UNK
the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 	UNK
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... there is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' 	UNK
socially encompassing 	UNK
makes martha enormously endearing 	UNK
farewell-to-innocence movies 	UNK
brosnan 's finest non-bondish performance 	UNK
is trash 	UNK
legendary actor michel serrault 	UNK
falls apart like a cheap lawn chair 	UNK
a script that assumes you are n't very bright 	UNK
feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake . 	UNK
a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized 	UNK
fills me with revulsion 	UNK
's a masterpiece 	UNK
the film is never dull 	UNK
gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other 	UNK
calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side 	UNK
alternately hilarious and sad 	UNK
stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue 	UNK
tart 	UNK
the action and special effects 	UNK
abandon the theater 	UNK
you love the music , and 	UNK
that is wickedly fun to watch 	UNK
skeeved out that they 'd need a shower 	UNK
sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling 	UNK
worst titles 	UNK
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... it 's a pity that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition 	UNK
crudely literal 	UNK
revolting 	UNK
the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon 	UNK
very moving and revelatory 	UNK
it 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long . 	UNK
perfectly pitched 	UNK
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters 	UNK
smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling . 	UNK
heady jumble 	UNK
unfolds with grace and humor and gradually 	UNK
holds you 	UNK
this is a movie full of grace and 	UNK
a spark of new inspiration in it , 	UNK
dark little morality tale 	UNK
into feel-good territory 	UNK
unfunny comedy 	UNK
tell the best story 	UNK
bland 	UNK
a playful iranian parable 	UNK
i have returned from the beyond to warn you : 	UNK
a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight 	UNK
a worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits 	UNK
the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds . 	UNK
you wo n't be able to look away for a second 	UNK
merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew 	UNK
effecting change and inspiring hope 	UNK
a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey 	UNK
amuse or entertain 	UNK
may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces 	UNK
because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope 	UNK
in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off 	UNK
is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world 	UNK
the best of the swashbucklers 	UNK
touches the heart 	UNK
contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden 	UNK
it 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects . 	UNK
soulful development 	UNK
true and 	UNK
of splendid performances 	UNK
a heart , mind or humor of its own 	UNK
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless 	UNK
for nice evening out 	UNK
great piece 	UNK
, i 'm the one that i want , in 2000 . 	UNK
its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference 	UNK
is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest 	UNK
an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees 	UNK
the murk of its own making 	UNK
mobius strip 	UNK
most devastating 	UNK
takes your breath 	UNK
done his homework 	UNK
a ` direct-to-video ' release 	UNK
catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera 	UNK
from bland actors 	UNK
the book 's irreverent energy , 	UNK
the movie is in a class by itself 	UNK
updating works surprisingly well 	UNK
spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff . 	UNK
, mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach . 	UNK
an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd 	UNK
a bad premise 	UNK
intellect and feeling 	UNK
preferable 	UNK
third act miscalculation 	UNK
we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close . 	UNK
a couple of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall 	UNK
redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs 	UNK
no charm 	UNK
clumsily manufactured exploitation flick 	UNK
insufferably naive 	UNK
looks and feels tired . 	UNK
one only a true believer could relish 	UNK
on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 	UNK
if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine 	UNK
in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes 	UNK
( `` take care of my cat '' ) is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals . 	UNK
a compelling argument about death 	UNK
every bad action-movie line 	UNK
if you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining 	UNK
scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot 	UNK
something appears to have been lost in the translation this time 	UNK
suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill 	UNK
to produce another smash 	UNK
spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences 	UNK
an inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist 	UNK
pure craft and 	UNK
a mature and frank fashion 	UNK
the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 	UNK
symbolic graphic design 	UNK
the superior plotline 	UNK
funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre 	UNK
ridiculous and money-oriented 	UNK
more and more frustrating 	UNK
realistically terrifying movie 	UNK
surprised at how much we care about the story 	UNK
abysmally pathetic 	UNK
invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god 	UNK
relatively nothing happens 	UNK
his penchant 	UNK
tough beauty 	UNK
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans 	UNK
faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance . 	UNK
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and 	UNK
enjoyed barbershop 	UNK
spot-on 	UNK
a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people . 	UNK
've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots 	UNK
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality 	UNK
things really get weird , though not particularly scary 	UNK
informative , intriguing , observant 	UNK
as the original 	UNK
endless assault 	UNK
historical event 	UNK
a wild ride that relies on more than special effects 	UNK
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball 	UNK
quietly engaging . 	UNK
it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . 	UNK
perfectly serviceable and 	UNK
which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing 	UNK
has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism . 	UNK
a warmth 	UNK
no . 	UNK
bottom-rung new jack city 	UNK
indignation 	UNK
standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added . 	UNK
transforms this story about love and culture 	UNK
this little-known story of native americans and 	UNK
argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect 	UNK
seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain . 	UNK
did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up 	UNK
impressed with its own solemn insights 	UNK
jagged , 	UNK
intelligent humor 	UNK
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory 	UNK
decent popcorn adventure 	UNK
such a big job 	UNK
to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter 	UNK
loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . 	UNK
excruciatingly 	UNK
standing by yourself is haunting ... ( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction . 	UNK
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , 	UNK
we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing 	UNK
in its attempts 	UNK
stylistic 	UNK
was so endlessly 	UNK
's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium 	UNK
unpredictable comedy 	UNK
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- 	UNK
after the most awful acts are committed 	UNK
me no lika da accents so good , but i thoroughly enjoyed the love story . 	UNK
needlessly 	UNK
besson 's high-profile name 	UNK
the boho art-house crowd 	UNK
a coherent rhythm 	UNK
that falls far short 	UNK
the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten . 	UNK
chases for an hour and then 	UNK
sophisticated 	UNK
's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ... 	UNK
pete 's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish . 	UNK
delight your senses 	UNK
aimlessly and unsuccessfully 	UNK
thoughtful war films 	UNK
suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness 	UNK
all the dramatic weight of a raindrop 	UNK
a scrooge or two 	UNK
sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss 	UNK
any after-school special you can imagine 	UNK
mess . 	UNK
has made a decent ` intro ' documentary 	UNK
a solid base 	UNK
his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , 	UNK
bottom-feeder sequel 	UNK
beautifully 	UNK
- west coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate . 	UNK
more complex and honest 	UNK
nor terribly funny 	UNK
aged 	UNK
definitive , if disingenuous , 	UNK
infantile , redundant , sloppy 	UNK
rymer does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects . 	UNK
uncomfortably timely , relevant , and 	UNK
a smile on your face and 	UNK
to see it twice 	UNK
in the mind of the killer 	UNK
he needs to pull his head out of his butt 	UNK
light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout 	UNK
loud , silly , stupid and pointless 	UNK
feel good about themselves 	UNK
watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost 	UNK
that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener 	UNK
together ( time out and human resources ) establish mr. cantet as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace 	UNK
's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions 	UNK
lack depth or complexity 	UNK
that resident evil is not it 	UNK
, not scarier 	UNK
it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts . 	UNK
sequences boring . 	UNK
thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances 	UNK
finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore . 	UNK
warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy . 	UNK
it actually makes the heart soar 	UNK
ourside the theater roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with . 	UNK
absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound 	UNK
gets full mileage out 	UNK
enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen 	UNK
laugh-out-loud lunacy 	UNK
who makes martha enormously endearing 	UNK
's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways 	UNK
, lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . 	UNK
is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema 	UNK
think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british 	UNK
an affection for the period 	UNK
the feel of a fanciful motion picture 	UNK
the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better . 	UNK
i 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring 	UNK
a reality-snubbing hodgepodge . 	UNK
make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold 	UNK
neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest 	UNK
singing , and unforgettable characters 	UNK
a better short story 	UNK
a wild ride 	UNK
gorgeously atmospheric meditation 	UNK
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , 	UNK
writing , skewed characters 	UNK
burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue 	UNK
a kick out of goofy brits 	UNK
that is warm , inviting , and surprising 	UNK
bad things 	UNK
it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second 	UNK
's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve 	UNK
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away 	UNK
anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny 	UNK
nemesis 	UNK
will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding 	UNK
overly old-fashioned 	UNK
it 's quite fun in places . 	UNK
great actors 	UNK
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama 	UNK
many ways the perfect festival film 	UNK
does n't really believe in it 	UNK
raise audience 's spirits and 	UNK
generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling 	UNK
once again , director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours . 	UNK
learn a good deal 	UNK
more than a tepid exercise in 	UNK
most poorly staged 	UNK
will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids . 	UNK
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man 	UNK
done , so primitive in technique , 	UNK
director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself . 	UNK
proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool . 	UNK
intelligent movie 	UNK
wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises 	UNK
's plenty to impress about e.t. 	UNK
of the best special effects 	UNK
he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car 	UNK
colors the picture in some evocative shades . 	UNK
, you 'll still be glued to the screen . 	UNK
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , 	UNK
to cram too many ingredients into one small pot 	UNK
and for all the wrong reasons besides . 	UNK
crime expertly 	UNK
dream 	UNK
although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters . 	UNK
wretched movie 	UNK
it is scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph . 	UNK
marred beyond redemption 	UNK
its exploitive array of obligatory cheap 	UNK
sensual 	UNK
enjoy this 	UNK
the perfect starting point 	UNK
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but 	UNK
shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places 	UNK
ice age wo n't drop your jaw 	UNK
steamy 	UNK
( carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark 	UNK
idealism american 	UNK
can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 	UNK
phenomenal 	UNK
black-and-white and unrealistic . 	UNK
a clever script 	UNK
in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo 	UNK
this is n't a movie 	UNK
works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun . 	UNK
, profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen . 	UNK
carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract 	UNK
it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message 	UNK
there 's already been too many of these films ... 	UNK
american action-adventure buffs 	UNK
succeeds 	UNK
is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships 	UNK
one long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before . 	UNK
hard , endearing , caring , 	UNK
the pairing does sound promising in theory ... but their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners . 	UNK
is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats 	UNK
the best star trek movie 	UNK
satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified 	UNK
, uneventful 	UNK
it just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on ( or be entertained by ) 	UNK
remember it . 	UNK
the performances of their careers 	UNK
's a talking head documentary , but a great one 	UNK
, the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . 	UNK
leaden script 	UNK
that the film never feels derivative 	UNK
toward maximum comfort and familiarity 	UNK
wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours 	UNK
average kid-empowerment fantasy 	UNK
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf . 	UNK
are an absolute joy . 	UNK
he provides a strong itch to explore more . 	UNK
makes it to the boiling point 	UNK
that jack nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend . 	UNK
so stilted and unconvincing 	UNK
wonderful , ghastly film 	UNK
of the highest and the performances 	UNK
can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain . 	UNK
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point 	UNK
little more than punishment 	UNK
he does best 	UNK
great to look at 	UNK
the absence of narrative continuity 	UNK
a moving tale of love and destruction 	UNK
a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title would have you believe . 	UNK
sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film 	UNK
's more enjoyable than i expected , 	UNK
, dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot 	UNK
everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had . 	UNK
slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth 	UNK
an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling 	UNK
, i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey . 	UNK
reel in when we should be playing out 	UNK
seem appealing 	UNK
beautifully shot 	UNK
's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere . 	UNK
of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels 	UNK
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie 	UNK
strange it is , but delightfully so . 	UNK
has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s 	UNK
serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting 	UNK
pleasant but not 	UNK
who handily makes the move from pleasing 	UNK
torments and angst 	UNK
works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet 	UNK
is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , 	UNK
saccharine genre 	UNK
high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time 	UNK
the problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not . 	UNK
genuinely 	UNK
-- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- 	UNK
does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard . 	UNK
a strangely 	UNK
abundant humanism 	UNK
is the heart and soul of cinema 	UNK
to seek and strike just the right tone 	UNK
it 's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room . 	UNK
poorly structured 	UNK
`` spider-man '' certainly 	UNK
what 's so striking about jolie 's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair . 	UNK
sounds promising 	UNK
then again , i hate myself most mornings . 	UNK
a slice of counterculture 	UNK
unrelentingly grim 	UNK
signals director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema . 	UNK
such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise 	UNK
the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation . 	UNK
also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives 	UNK
has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book . 	UNK
feast 	UNK
cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock 	UNK
glorious spectacle 	UNK
picked me up , swung me around 	UNK
the off-center humor is a constant 	UNK
staged violence overshadows everything , 	UNK
remarkable serenity and discipline 	UNK
the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or 	UNK
attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe 	UNK
started with a great premise 	UNK
reaches across time and distance 	UNK
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending 	UNK
if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes 	UNK
has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them 	UNK
will not be for much longer 	UNK
an hour and a half of joyful solo performance 	UNK
the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre 	UNK
kind 	UNK
is a towering siren . 	UNK
the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and 	UNK
gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust 	UNK
the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . 	UNK
, like max rothman 's future , does not work . 	UNK
it all the more compelling 	UNK
bouncy score 	UNK
cheery and 	UNK
want to smash its face in 	UNK
for that sense of openness , the little surprises 	UNK
the human story is pushed to one side 	UNK
highly uneven and 	UNK
kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again . 	UNK
fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing 	UNK
of drooling idiots 	UNK
poorly executed comedy . 	UNK
really bad blair witch project 	UNK
leaves him shooting blanks 	UNK
barely shocking , barely interesting and most 	UNK
formidable 	UNK
a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy 	UNK
the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 	UNK
it 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch . 	UNK
that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 	UNK
realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject 	UNK
is solid 	UNK
particularly well made 	UNK
by a master 	UNK
of deja vu 	UNK
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live ) , ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two . 	UNK
hollow , self-indulgent , and 	UNK
, not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , 	UNK
a great cast and 	UNK
richly entertaining and suggestive 	UNK
drawing flavorful performances 	UNK
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it 's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen . 	UNK
to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	UNK
to an imitation movie 	UNK
deeply satisfying 	UNK
that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' 	UNK
yawning 	UNK
what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism . 	UNK
a terrible movie 	UNK
rewarded 	UNK
witch project real-time roots 	UNK
hollow mockumentary 	UNK
self-mocking , 	UNK
a very ambitious project 	UNK
devastated by war , famine and poverty and 	UNK
nice piece 	UNK
the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise 	UNK
this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years . 	UNK
is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller . 	UNK
an achingly enthralling premise , 	UNK
susceptible to blue hilarity , 	UNK
beautiful than either of those films 	UNK
in the service of the lovers who inhabit it 	UNK
do n't blame eddie murphy but should n't 	UNK
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , 	UNK
but strangely believable 	UNK
are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition 	UNK
of its execution and skill of its cast 	UNK
a good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera 	UNK
best war movies 	UNK
fan 	UNK
my problem with the movie 's final half hour 	UNK
hitting your head 	UNK
fierce 	UNK
toothless dog 	UNK
never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three . 	UNK
a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome 	UNK
gorgeous to look at 	UNK
is both contrived and cliched 	UNK
maximum comfort and familiarity 	UNK
endlessly superficial . 	UNK
an uncomfortable experience , but 	UNK
plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder 	UNK
worst film 	UNK
having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything 	UNK
but the second half of the movie really goes downhill . 	UNK
especially well-executed 	UNK
k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low . 	UNK
absorbing 	UNK
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective . 	UNK
thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments 	UNK
but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half 	UNK
it takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about . 	UNK
ludicrous film 	UNK
kicking undead *** 	UNK
, vibrant introduction 	UNK
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable 	UNK
bowling for columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ... 	UNK
a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france 's most inventive directors . 	UNK
chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns 	UNK
on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work 	UNK
highest production values 	UNK
horse feathers 	UNK
a game supporting cast 	UNK
though the film is static , its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable . 	UNK
of a culture in conflict 	UNK
inexcusable 	UNK
despite its promising cast of characters 	UNK
any way demeaning its subjects 	UNK
to losing my lunch 	UNK
clumsily 	UNK
i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive . 	UNK
that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen 	UNK
that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches 	UNK
slippery self-promoter 	UNK
a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions . 	UNK
greatest play 	UNK
s&m 	UNK
a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout 	UNK
swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit . 	UNK
plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film 	UNK
left me behind 	UNK
decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set 	UNK
, mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks . 	UNK
as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history 	UNK
can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost . 	UNK
a really special walk 	UNK
tends to do a little fleeing of its own . 	UNK
nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances . 	UNK
pretty good team 	UNK
a clear-eyed portrait 	UNK
, k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low . 	UNK
sexy 	UNK
the grandkids or the grandparents 	UNK
do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this 	UNK
most deceptively amusing 	UNK
taken seriously 	UNK
largely improvised 	UNK
zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film . 	UNK
film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure . 	UNK
, that 's a liability . 	UNK
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously 	UNK
the chocolate factory without charlie . 	UNK
most romantic 	UNK
we admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies . 	UNK
promise 	UNK
hilarious adventure 	UNK
keeps this pretty watchable 	UNK
the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean 	UNK
he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie 	UNK
chokes 	UNK
if villainous vampires are your cup of blood , blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest . 	UNK
rehashes several old themes 	UNK
stuffy and pretentious 	UNK
slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot 	UNK
overplayed and exaggerated 	UNK
is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow 	UNK
to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	UNK
dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	UNK
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals 	UNK
more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with 	UNK
more experimental 	UNK
even betters it 	UNK
well-written and occasionally challenging 	UNK
's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) 	UNK
a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games 	UNK
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning 	UNK
new zealand coming-of-age movie 	UNK
the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . 	UNK
fare , with enough 	UNK
what ?!? 	UNK
... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ... 	UNK
with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes 	UNK
directed but terminally cute drama . 	UNK
superbly 	UNK
's betting her third feature will be something to behold 	UNK
eccentric and good-naturedly 	UNK
is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once . 	UNK
so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles 	UNK
a fairly revealing study 	UNK
and crudely literal 	UNK
continues . 	UNK
sounding 	UNK
a striking style 	UNK
over and over again . 	UNK
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve 	UNK
hormonal melodrama 	UNK
it looks good , but it is essentially empty 	UNK
entirely persuasive 	UNK
makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness 	UNK
in praise of love 	UNK
one very funny joke and a few other decent ones 	UNK
surrounded by open windows 	UNK
grace this deeply touching melodrama . 	UNK
of the best inside-show-biz 	UNK
an important director 	UNK
juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre 	UNK
earned my indignant , preemptive departure 	UNK
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously 	UNK
more smarts 	UNK
becomes claustrophobic 	UNK
rescue adrian lyne 's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing 	UNK
intelligent romantic thriller 	UNK
as a director , paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip . 	UNK
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and 	UNK
, about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater . 	UNK
very shapable but largely unfulfilling present 	UNK
prejudice 	UNK
one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time 	UNK
seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart 	UNK
do no wrong with jason x. 	UNK
great script 	UNK
is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting . 	UNK
has its heart 	UNK
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces . 	UNK
she 's pretty 	UNK
and social commentary 	UNK
bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film . 	UNK
the spirits of these young women 	UNK
debilitating 	UNK
dumb fart jokes 	UNK
eloquence 	UNK
the gutless direction by laurice guillen 	UNK
it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing 	UNK
much funnier film 	UNK
will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone 	UNK
escape 	UNK
to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe 	UNK
friendship , love 	UNK
dazzle 	UNK
: the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining . 	UNK
the film is saved from are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition . 	UNK
work of extraordinary journalism 	UNK
sad nonsense , this . 	UNK
the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor 	UNK
present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 	UNK
i loved on first sight and , even more important , 	UNK
that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing 	UNK
shimmers with it 	UNK
the cheesiest 	UNK
in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor 	UNK
it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but 	UNK
moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy . 	UNK
an affectionately goofy satire 	UNK
indoors in formal settings with motionless characters 	UNK
's pauly shore awful 	UNK
matches about it . 	UNK
is sadly heightened by current world events 	UNK
a major-league leading lady 	UNK
a taut , sobering film . 	UNK
fits into a classic genre 	UNK
corpse 	UNK
's as good as you remember . 	UNK
goes on and on to the point of nausea . 	UNK
bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid 	UNK
unbalanced 	UNK
message resonate 	UNK
that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling 	UNK
population 	UNK
more disciplined grade-grubbers 	UNK
seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves 	UNK
too textbook to intrigue 	UNK
unforced naturalism 	UNK
appear avant-garde 	UNK
at least a few good ideas 	UNK
technically proficient and without the pop-up comments 	UNK
completely lacking in chills 	UNK
's still a rollicking good time for the most part 	UNK
splendid meal 	UNK
is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost 	UNK
, mr. rose 's updating works surprisingly well . 	UNK
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait 	UNK
in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted 	UNK
solid , spooky 	UNK
does n't sustain a high enough level of invention . 	UNK
that its visual imagination is breathtaking 	UNK
insightful writer/director 	UNK
is definitely worth 	UNK
provided his own broadside 	UNK
sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry 	UNK
herzog simply runs out of ideas and 	UNK
raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids . 	UNK
's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream 	UNK
it 's all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect . 	UNK
dark , funny humor 	UNK
flat-out amusing 	UNK
, sweet ` evelyn 	UNK
thoughtless 	UNK
well-balanced fashion 	UNK
to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded 	UNK
this in the right frame of mind 	UNK
is well-crafted 	UNK
great film 	UNK
plays like a bad soap opera 	UNK
an exhilarating new interpretation 	UNK
fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs 	UNK
this film biggest problem 	UNK
shame on writer/director vicente aranda 	UNK
spiced with humor ( ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) 	UNK
, circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story . 	UNK
definitive 	UNK
here lacks considerable brio . 	UNK
sometimes endearing 	UNK
its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh 	UNK
achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself 	UNK
restrictive 	UNK
spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man . 	UNK
is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was . 	UNK
magic and is enjoyable family fare 	UNK
are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours 	UNK
all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time 	UNK
cheap hysterics 	UNK
with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling 	UNK
numb 	UNK
narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute 	UNK
tries its best 	UNK
to tiresome jargon 	UNK
read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema . 	UNK
avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type 	UNK
of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life 	UNK
the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie 	UNK
will be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus . 	UNK
want to slap it 	UNK
a well loved classic 	UNK
when the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons 	UNK
it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , 	UNK
a bit anachronistic 	UNK
fair amount 	UNK
effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese 	UNK
george clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years . 	UNK
regard 	UNK
ridiculous 	UNK
is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses 	UNK
it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started 	UNK
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas 	UNK
half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget 	UNK
vintage looney tunes 	UNK
's refreshing to see a romance this smart 	UNK
unexpected heights 	UNK
the strength of the film lies in its two central performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife . 	UNK
us plenty of sturm 	UNK
comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile 	UNK
prevents 	UNK
unoriginal terms 	UNK
from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew 	UNK
to its ultimate demise 	UNK
forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking 	UNK
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller 	UNK
holm does his sly , intricate magic , and iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin . 	UNK
of the family vacation 	UNK
a thoughtful examination 	UNK
than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama 	UNK
art house pretension . 	UNK
leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless 	UNK
while we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for blade ii . 	UNK
will linger long after this film has ended 	UNK
, knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast . 	UNK
an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings 	UNK
you would n't want to live waydowntown 	UNK
awful movie 	UNK
however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . 	UNK
she 's appealingly manic and energetic . 	UNK
a geriatric 	UNK
tear-drenched quicksand 	UNK
wonderful 	UNK
the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale , 	UNK
an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and 	UNK
, it gets to you . 	UNK
clueless 	UNK
is well worthwhile 	UNK
even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow . 	UNK
is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful 	UNK
of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation 	UNK
're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining 	UNK
ice cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin . 	UNK
limited chemistry 	UNK
attractive and 	UNK
nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro 's right-hand goombah . 	UNK
serene 	UNK
sheerly beautiful 	UNK
; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 	UNK
feel contradictory things 	UNK
is nothing to sneeze at these days 	UNK
deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese 	UNK
aimlessly and 	UNK
study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture 	UNK
a charming , banter-filled comedy 	UNK
although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching . 	UNK
a buoyant , expressive flow of images 	UNK
the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart . 	UNK
was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout 	UNK
much better mother-daughter tale 	UNK
, but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel 	UNK
that you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it 	UNK
above-average 	UNK
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli 	UNK
makes the clothes 	UNK
, the movie makes two hours feel like four . 	UNK
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat 	UNK
's so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it 	UNK
the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t. 	UNK
rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday 	UNK
is a masterpiece . 	UNK
formulaic and stilted 	UNK
a true believer 	UNK
's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such 	UNK
viva le 	UNK
the more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it . 	UNK
might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares 	UNK
in a way that verges on the amateurish 	UNK
a straightforward , emotionally honest manner 	UNK
geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity 	UNK
stare and sniffle 	UNK
saving 	UNK
though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs 	UNK
is worth seeking 	UNK
it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences 	UNK
so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways 	UNK
diverges from anything 	UNK
andrei 	UNK
their parents ' anguish 	UNK
the superior plotline is n't quite enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other . 	UNK
i 'm not even a fan of the genre 	UNK
who understands how to create and sustain a mood 	UNK
ararat feels like a book report 	UNK
gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand 	UNK
limited 	UNK
the film oozes craft . 	UNK
notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness 	UNK
when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . 	UNK
it 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once . 	UNK
of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past 	UNK
vibrantly colored and beautifully designed 	UNK
of ` eh 	UNK
despite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast . 	UNK
its crapulence 	UNK
has enough moments to keep it entertaining . 	UNK
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight . 	UNK
a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . 	UNK
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing 	UNK
fresh territory 	UNK
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and 	UNK
strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain 	UNK
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here . 	UNK
a new scene 	UNK
appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 	UNK
trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish 	UNK
'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept 	UNK
engaging and 	UNK
yarns ever 	UNK
without being insightful 	UNK
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot 	UNK
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play . 	UNK
'll probably love it . 	UNK
discloses almost nothing 	UNK
weird and wonderful comedy 	UNK
's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and 	UNK
accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits 	UNK
the film special 	UNK
winning tone 	UNK
take pleasure 	UNK
blah characters 	UNK
what 's worse 	UNK
we 've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . 	UNK
love liza 	UNK
gender-provoking 	UNK
this pathetic junk 	UNK
releasing 	UNK
the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things 	UNK
acted , emotionally devastating piece 	UNK
offend 	UNK
is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal 	UNK
` punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . ' 	UNK
strong themes 	UNK
celluloid heaven 	UNK
of all the halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing . 	UNK
disingenuous 	UNK
boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years 	UNK
to admit i walked out of runteldat 	UNK
, deceit and murder 	UNK
well-crafted 	UNK
what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster 	UNK
endearing . 	UNK
a film that loses sight of its own story . 	UNK
significantly different ( and better ) than most films 	UNK
to creep the living hell out of you 	UNK
offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . 	UNK
'' never cuts corners . 	UNK
fool 	UNK
's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable 	UNK
so vivid 	UNK
life and small delights 	UNK
you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy 	UNK
even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose 	UNK
you to give it a millisecond of thought 	UNK
vividly demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop . 	UNK
is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy . 	UNK
i have a new favorite musical 	UNK
flopping 	UNK
minor classic 	UNK
you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 	UNK
, remains surprisingly idealistic 	UNK
the best animated 	UNK
that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system 	UNK
a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance 	UNK
presents a frightening and compelling ` what if ? 	UNK
another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled 	UNK
have been much better 	UNK
of his rental car 	UNK
is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within 	UNK
just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy 	UNK
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics 	UNK
crass , then gasp for gas , 	UNK
taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving 	UNK
( allen 's ) best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america diversions could ever be . 	UNK
cutting and blurry 	UNK
begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully . 	UNK
semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act 	UNK
through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel 	UNK
have to see this ! 	UNK
a director enjoying himself immensely 	UNK
doubt the filmmakers ' motives 	UNK
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity 	UNK
can not overcome blah characters 	UNK
wrapped up in the characters 	UNK
the depths 	UNK
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world 	UNK
horrible '' and `` terrible 	UNK
appetizer that leaves you wanting more . 	UNK
elevates the experience 	UNK
the intelligent , well-made b movie 	UNK
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted 	UNK
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' . 	UNK
deflated as he does 	UNK
through all too painfully 	UNK
a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence 	UNK
most of the work 	UNK
as deflated as he does 	UNK
soap opera that tornatore was right to cut 	UNK
this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade . 	UNK
effort to understand everyone 's point of view 	UNK
shorter than britney 's cutoffs 	UNK
the film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy 	UNK
make the most of the large-screen format 	UNK
of a film that are still looking for a common through-line 	UNK
its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies 	UNK
smack of a hallmark hall of fame 	UNK
a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions 	UNK
unsympathetic 	UNK
she 's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness . 	UNK
his most ardent fans 	UNK
overeager 	UNK
is not a bad film . 	UNK
this listless feature 	UNK
no clear-cut hero 	UNK
to mind : so why is this so boring ? 	UNK
my two hours better watching 	UNK
out there ! 	UNK
wes craven 's presence is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend . ' 	UNK
bothered to construct a real story this time 	UNK
oozing with attractive men 	UNK
lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns 	UNK
the grieving process 	UNK
appealing veneer 	UNK
a fairly inexperienced filmmaker 	UNK
the plot kicks into gear 	UNK
distanced us from the characters 	UNK
pleasure . 	UNK
zero . 	UNK
is dreary and sluggish . 	UNK
delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers 	UNK
we 've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed 	UNK
before landing squarely on `` stupid '' 	UNK
into a few evocative images and striking character traits 	UNK
offensive and nothing at all like real life 	UNK
debut effort by `` project greenlight '' winner 	UNK
garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... 	UNK
the full monty , but 	UNK
making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing 	UNK
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , 	UNK
will once again be an honest and loving one 	UNK
manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves 	UNK
not good enough 	UNK
filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard 	UNK
aggressively anti-erotic 	UNK
does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the hopkins/rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas 	UNK
what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride . 	UNK
teeth-gnashing 	UNK
that might otherwise separate them 	UNK
really , really good things can come in enormous packages 	UNK
smart , steamy mix 	UNK
has never been smoother or more confident . 	UNK
eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life 	UNK
very well shot or composed or edited 	UNK
drowns out 	UNK
seems like someone going through the motions . 	UNK
k 19 stays afloat as decent drama/action flick 	UNK
has intentionally left college or was killed 	UNK
learned the hard way just 	UNK
carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg . 	UNK
good and ambitious film 	UNK
a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho 's fans . 	UNK
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so 	UNK
a pleasing , often-funny comedy 	UNK
wise and knowing 	UNK
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore . 	UNK
distaste 	UNK
spectacularly outrageous 	UNK
an inventive 	UNK
gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust . 	UNK
the most horrific movie experience 	UNK
... one resurrection too many . 	UNK
is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is . 	UNK
an exclamation point 	UNK
( allen ) 	UNK
of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them 	UNK
wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many . 	UNK
a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh 	UNK
while cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller 	UNK
the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see . 	UNK
ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue 	UNK
found his groove these days 	UNK
all its moodiness 	UNK
has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance . 	UNK
zero compelling storyline 	UNK
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure 	UNK
is meaningful or memorable 	UNK
's so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it . 	UNK
such a bore 	UNK
what makes this film special 	UNK
that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism 	UNK
is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement 	UNK
, the movie stirs us as well . 	UNK
otherwise appalling 	UNK
a mediocre one 	UNK
in execution 	UNK
in its chicken heart , crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises . 	UNK
are less than adorable 	UNK
cold 	UNK
a shabby script 	UNK
that everyone can enjoy 	UNK
dim-witted and lazy spin-off 	UNK
had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies . 	UNK
grand as the lord of the rings 	UNK
to and wai ka fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests 	UNK
biting and witty feature 	UNK
a chuckle 	UNK
a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness 	UNK
it ai n't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year 's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains . 	UNK
olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation 	UNK
on character 	UNK
any way of gripping what its point is , 	UNK
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time . 	UNK
but very pleasing at its best moments 	UNK
is small in scope , yet perfectly formed . 	UNK
was vile enough . 	UNK
love affair 	UNK
he forgets to make it entertaining 	UNK
have a hard time believing it was just coincidence 	UNK
hate it 	UNK
knockaround guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up . 	UNK
is a treat . 	UNK
is turning in some delightful work on indie projects 	UNK
disturbing 	UNK
into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality 	UNK
someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster 	UNK
passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone . 	UNK
by the incessant use of cell phones 	UNK
dredge 	UNK
ca n't help but feel ` stoked . ' 	UNK
from oscar-winning master 	UNK
still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered . 	UNK
will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works 	UNK
get back to your car in the parking lot 	UNK
some futile concoction 	UNK
it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile 	UNK
hollywood concoction 	UNK
heartening 	UNK
some savvy producer 	UNK
abyss 	UNK
way off 	UNK
swooping down on a string of exotic locales , 	UNK
offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies 	UNK
it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum . 	UNK
might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies . 	UNK
ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one 	UNK
designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 	UNK
offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable . 	UNK
see a movie 	UNK
the master of disguise represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe . 	UNK
love the piano teacher 	UNK
a live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze . 	UNK
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions . 	UNK
not-so-funny gags 	UNK
all the annals 	UNK
to direct-to-video irrelevancy 	UNK
inventive action sequences 	UNK
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights 	UNK
go unnoticed and underappreciated 	UNK
meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 	UNK
that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture 	UNK
be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ? 	UNK
very inspiring or insightful 	UNK
the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us 	UNK
his maudlin ending 	UNK
more interesting -- 	UNK
the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 	UNK
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed 	UNK
be too narrow to attract crossover viewers 	UNK
what 's best about drumline is its energy 	UNK
modern-day royals 	UNK
amazing film work 	UNK
more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes 	UNK
often hilarious 	UNK
lulled into a coma 	UNK
portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , 	UNK
the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it . 	UNK
haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue 	UNK
is interminable 	UNK
put off by the film 's austerity 	UNK
many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times 	UNK
proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny . 	UNK
el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors . 	UNK
one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history 	UNK
balances both traditional or modern stories together 	UNK
though jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees . 	UNK
is nothing short of a great one 	UNK
uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment . 	UNK
runs around and 	UNK
its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life . 	UNK
unerring respect 	UNK
screenplay to keep the film entertaining 	UNK
seventy-minute running time 	UNK
never existed 	UNK
overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities 	UNK
intelligent manner 	UNK
jackass is a vulgar 	UNK
what ` blade runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel . 	UNK
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' 	UNK
is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work . 	UNK
cold , pretentious 	UNK
too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks . 	UNK
a deep vein of sadness 	UNK
's pleasant enough 	UNK
is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese 	UNK
've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ... 	UNK
be as subtle and touching as the son 's room 	UNK
hold our attention 	UNK
believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film 	UNK
holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) 	UNK
never lets you off the hook . 	UNK
designed to fill time 	UNK
saddest 	UNK
it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump 	UNK
by sparking debate and encouraging thought 	UNK
never quite gel 	UNK
though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy 	UNK
though it runs 163 minutes 	UNK
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and 	UNK
find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story 	UNK
's good enough . 	UNK
gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection . 	UNK
a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two 	UNK
of warmth and gentle humor 	UNK
south korea 's future 	UNK
an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre . 	UNK
one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature . 	UNK
makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view 	UNK
a more ambitious movie 	UNK
surprisingly well 	UNK
sordid of human behavior on the screen , 	UNK
feel fully 	UNK
works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride 	UNK
are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely . 	UNK
dogtown & z-boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean . 	UNK
the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce 	UNK
uncompromising artists trying to create something original 	UNK
... wise and elegiac ... 	UNK
the plot holes 	UNK
wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany 	UNK
the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	UNK
the story plays out slowly 	UNK
cliched and 	UNK
a strong-minded viewpoint , 	UNK
unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out 	UNK
such a gloriously goofy way 	UNK
rock-solid 	UNK
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one . 	UNK
, funny humor 	UNK
in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago 	UNK
angry and sad 	UNK
a great party 	UNK
if the screenplay falls somewhat short 	UNK
recommend this film more 	UNK
hugely rewarding 	UNK
's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible . 	UNK
mattei 's underdeveloped effort 	UNK
padded . 	UNK
, haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . 	UNK
could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking 	UNK
loses its ability to shock and amaze . 	UNK
the film is a hilarious adventure 	UNK
muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex . 	UNK
cheesy fun factor 	UNK
b.s. 	UNK
charming , 	UNK
the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season 	UNK
perry 's good and his is an interesting character , 	UNK
is little else to recommend `` never again 	UNK
look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten . 	UNK
some blondes , ( diggs ) should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad . 	UNK
one fantastic ( and educational ) 	UNK
is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood 	UNK
of a raindrop 	UNK
on it 	UNK
convey a sense of childhood imagination 	UNK
an enjoyable choice for younger kids 	UNK
unimaginable horror 	UNK
looks like a drag queen 	UNK
the movie in a superficial way , while never sure 	UNK
's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture 	UNK
only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks 	UNK
a highly gifted 12-year-old 	UNK
foul 	UNK
lacked 	UNK
stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design 	UNK
's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' . 	UNK
the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 	UNK
not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor 	UNK
by surrounding us with hyper-artificiality 	UNK
, you 're gon na like this movie . 	UNK
show us a good time 	UNK
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . 	UNK
was so endlessly , grotesquely 	UNK
, unnecessary 	UNK
a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events 	UNK
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , 	UNK
troubling and powerful . 	UNK
univac-like script machine 	UNK
the actors are simply too good , 	UNK
, subtlety has never been his trademark 	UNK
about its ideas and 	UNK
as literary desecrations go 	UNK
a wonderful subject 	UNK
hedonistic 	UNK
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good . 	UNK
its premise is smart , 	UNK
theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues . 	UNK
grace this deeply touching melodrama 	UNK
another night 	UNK
to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun 	UNK
an expert thriller 	UNK
adams just copies 	UNK
t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context 	UNK
merely bad rather than painfully awful 	UNK
's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt 	UNK
i never thought i 'd say this , but i 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies ! 	UNK
spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing . 	UNK
film to watch 	UNK
universal appeal 	UNK
know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further 	UNK
i never thought i 'd say this , but i 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies 	UNK
think , zzzzzzzzz 	UNK
as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators 	UNK
utterly convincing 	UNK
the clumsy cliché of the ugly american 	UNK
, will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating . 	UNK
seem twice as long 	UNK
must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart . 	UNK
, hollywood ending is a depressing experience 	UNK
is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy 	UNK
by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest 	UNK
vibrantly colored and 	UNK
certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes . 	UNK
a sensitive , cultivated treatment 	UNK
surprisingly shoddy 	UNK
whose pervasive quiet 	UNK
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the halloween series has lost its edge 	UNK
true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya 	UNK
has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety 	UNK
inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 	UNK
is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction 	UNK
eccentric and 	UNK
is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie 	UNK
amateur ' in almost every frame 	UNK
a warm , enveloping affection 	UNK
it 's that painful . 	UNK
none of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him . 	UNK
thoughtful , reverent portrait 	UNK
best gay love stories 	UNK
is little else to recommend `` never again . 	UNK
exceedingly memorable one 	UNK
create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn 	UNK
mysterious 	UNK
offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor . 	UNK
's a hellish 	UNK
he 's well worth spending some time with 	UNK
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging 	UNK
love and bloodletting 	UNK
the great pity is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home . 	UNK
white 's intermittently wise script 	UNK
that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting 	UNK
a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser 	UNK
somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler 	UNK
bratty 	UNK
say for plenty of movies 	UNK
about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers 	UNK
relentlessly folksy 	UNK
the best case 	UNK
your nose 	UNK
, it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion . 	UNK
's a spirited film and a must-see 	UNK
a handful of smart jokes 	UNK
as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor 	UNK
needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic 	UNK
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny 	UNK
a strong thumbs 	UNK
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage . 	UNK
tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- 	UNK
its heartfelt concern 	UNK
not so much farcical as sour . 	UNK
no charm , no laughs 	UNK
multilayered and sympathetic 	UNK
to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead 	UNK
filled with strange and wonderful creatures 	UNK
see it 	UNK
me no lika da accents so good 	UNK
works because reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience . 	UNK
being very inspiring or insightful 	UNK
martial arts 	UNK
particularly joyless , 	UNK
some of the visual flourishes 	UNK
adroit but finally 	UNK
heartfelt 	UNK
scenery , vibe 	UNK
the film lapses 	UNK
an ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging . 	UNK
increasingly incoherent 	UNK
, you 're desperate for the evening to end . 	UNK
bears more than a whiff of exploitation , 	UNK
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and 	UNK
is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; 	UNK
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material 	UNK
at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had 	UNK
reminds us how realistically nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 	UNK
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair . 	UNK
if pointless excursion 	UNK
that should have been the ultimate imax trip 	UNK
loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them . 	UNK
this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one 	UNK
are especially fine . 	UNK
this ambitious comic escapade 	UNK
lustrous polished visuals 	UNK
leave it 	UNK
the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions 	UNK
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but 	UNK
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces 	UNK
brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema 	UNK
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness . 	UNK
we never feel anything for these characters , 	UNK
rather frightening 	UNK
thought would leave you cold 	UNK
overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy 	UNK
alluring 	UNK
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago 	UNK
it 's going to be a trip 	UNK
story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 	UNK
rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative 	UNK
while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself 	UNK
that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries 	UNK
an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album 	UNK
because it plays everything too safe 	UNK
botched 	UNK
the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting 	UNK
the wanton slipperiness 	UNK
the silly and crude storyline 	UNK
set out to lampoon , anyway 	UNK
itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy 	UNK
this seductive tease of a thriller 	UNK
nightmare 	UNK
if you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need . 	UNK
lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works 	UNK
reality tv obsession 	UNK
surprisingly inoffensive 	UNK
the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes 	UNK
her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant 	UNK
strong themes of familial ties 	UNK
is intriguing , provocative stuff . 	UNK
great party 	UNK
it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . '' 	UNK
seems to play on a 10-year delay 	UNK
made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun 	UNK
( seagal 's ) strenuous attempt 	UNK
the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed 	UNK
every indulgent , indie trick in the book 	UNK
maybe leblanc thought , `` hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . '' 	UNK
'll be rewarded with some fine acting . 	UNK
shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today . 	UNK
so bad in a major movie 	UNK
this is pure , exciting moviemaking . 	UNK
suitable summer entertainment 	UNK
in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . 	UNK
its exquisite acting 	UNK
, evans is no hollywood villain 	UNK
for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots 	UNK
central flaw 	UNK
of its pretensions 	UNK
it was written for no one 	UNK
of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother 	UNK
, nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good 	UNK
a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad 	UNK
from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman 	UNK
's his strongest performance since the doors 	UNK
horrible 	UNK
gradually accumulates more layers 	UNK
bad prose 	UNK
lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments . 	UNK
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes ( of which they 'll get plenty ) 	UNK
so much crypt mist in the brain 	UNK
as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese 	UNK
hard to conceive anyone else in their roles 	UNK
a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse . 	UNK
is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake 	UNK
drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power . 	UNK
just plain crap 	UNK
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , 	UNK
plodding action sequences 	UNK
while he talks 	UNK
visually ravishing 	UNK
phenomenal performances 	UNK
familiar and predictable , and 	UNK
desperation 	UNK
only seems to care about the bottom line 	UNK
will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart . 	UNK
callow pretension 	UNK
is greatness here 	UNK
comfortable niche 	UNK
it 's never as solid as you want it to be 	UNK
i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . 	UNK
like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end . 	UNK
works on any number of levels 	UNK
mystery devoid 	UNK
, enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment . 	UNK
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... 	UNK
a complete waste 	UNK
the unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful . 	UNK
the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption . 	UNK
moving documentary 	UNK
slam-bang 	UNK
goosebumps 	UNK
the right stuff for silly summer entertainment 	UNK
trash cinema 	UNK
be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john 	UNK
abused 	UNK
does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple 	UNK
who sometimes defies sympathy 	UNK
of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe 	UNK
worse stunt editing 	UNK
solid family fun 	UNK
lucks 	UNK
savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle 	UNK
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great 	UNK
feeling a part of its grand locations 	UNK
a new idea 	UNK
an interesting look behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco ... 	UNK
too many wrong turns 	UNK
do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this . 	UNK
bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate 	UNK
transfixes the audience . 	UNK
the similarly ill-timed antitrust 	UNK
with intelligence and care 	UNK
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set 	UNK
most pleasurable movies 	UNK
from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap 	UNK
's a dull girl , that 's all . 	UNK
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger 	UNK
one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep 	UNK
the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati 	UNK
never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them . 	UNK
the adjective ` gentle ' applies 	UNK
bogs down in a surfeit of characters 	UNK
is a success . 	UNK
confusing and horrifying vision 	UNK
is disposable 	UNK
are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care . 	UNK
but certainly not without merit 	UNK
showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase 	UNK
its excellent use 	UNK
's fun for kids of any age . 	UNK
is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients 	UNK
it is n't very good 	UNK
calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored 	UNK
the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure . 	UNK
so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective 	UNK
it squanders chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt ! 	UNK
tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art . 	UNK
is surprisingly brilliant 	UNK
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , 	UNK
is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years 	UNK
's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark . 	UNK
are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times 	UNK
is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was 	UNK
period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans 	UNK
makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing . 	UNK
i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 	UNK
the screenplay does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen . 	UNK
all movie 	UNK
from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified 	UNK
compelling 	UNK
comic relief 	UNK
pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance 	UNK
cheery and tranquil 	UNK
the simpering soundtrack 	UNK
absorbing character study by andré turpin . 	UNK
that strikes a very resonant chord 	UNK
be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor 	UNK
seem tired and , what 's worse , routine 	UNK
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top . 	UNK
a new kind of high 	UNK
colorful , joyous celebration 	UNK
even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament 	UNK
labors as storytelling 	UNK
succeeds as a well-made evocation 	UNK
embellished by editing 	UNK
a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads 	UNK
son of the bride , proves it 's never too late to learn . 	UNK
from pinnacle to pinnacle 	UNK
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad 	UNK
say it was a guilty pleasure 	UNK
feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay 	UNK
of both adventure and song 	UNK
a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story 	UNK
although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual . 	UNK
pick up the slack 	UNK
being very funny 	UNK
this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence 	UNK
nowheresville 	UNK
bored by as your abc 's 	UNK
the best disney movie 	UNK
energy and innovation 	UNK
threadbare comic setups 	UNK
shock-you-into-laughter 	UNK
is worth the price of admission . 	UNK
the john wayne classics 	UNK
stroke 	UNK
more racist portraits 	UNK
yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time 	UNK
is a masterfully 	UNK
an appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off 	UNK
of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	UNK
films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain 	UNK
every bit as distinctive 	UNK
insanely stupid 	UNK
powerful emotional wallop 	UNK
has solid acting and a neat premise 	UNK
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story 	UNK
an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes 	UNK
spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 	UNK
strangely schizo cartoon 	UNK
she 's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations . 	UNK
the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination 	UNK
i felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes . 	UNK
achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation . 	UNK
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions . 	UNK
's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan 	UNK
as monstrous 	UNK
lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho 	UNK
accumulated enjoyment 	UNK
, the tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot . 	UNK
its recycled aspects 	UNK
griffin & co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous . 	UNK
enthrall the whole family 	UNK
it 's no lie 	UNK
appeal to women 	UNK
bittersweet contemporary comedy 	UNK
to a higher level 	UNK
does n't have a passion for the material 	UNK
like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits 	UNK
stuck around for this long 	UNK
yet another tired old vision 	UNK
offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . 	UNK
do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace 	UNK
what great cinema can really do 	UNK
is more timely now than ever . 	UNK
one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen 	UNK
too bland to be interesting 	UNK
through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 	UNK
this nervy oddity , like modern art should . 	UNK
alternately touching and funny 	UNK
pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter . 	UNK
banal and 	UNK
terrorist 	UNK
grossest movie 	UNK
writer-director danny verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt . 	UNK
best way 	UNK
the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention . 	UNK
created a beautiful canvas 	UNK
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy . 	UNK
charm or texture 	UNK
it 's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax . 	UNK
blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop 	UNK
effecting 	UNK
plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family 	UNK
false and 	UNK
the trifecta of badness 	UNK
animated movies in quite a while 	UNK
of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh 	UNK
the only entertainment 	UNK
darkly funny and frequently insightful . 	UNK
two-dimensional and 	UNK
needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider . 	UNK
cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ! '' 	UNK
youthful affluence 	UNK
if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition 	UNK
dumb and derivative horror 	UNK
the more overtly silly dialogue 	UNK
innovative ' and ` realistic ' 	UNK
would have been better off staying on the festival circuit 	UNK
vibrant creative instincts 	UNK
exit sign 	UNK
shambles 	UNK
, metropolis is a feast for the eyes . 	UNK
you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary . 	UNK
so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby . 	UNK
becomes instead a grating endurance test 	UNK
a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising 	UNK
's a masterpeice . 	UNK
thoughtful and rewarding 	UNK
of the cinema world 's great visual stylists 	UNK
inimitable scenes 	UNK
a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' 	UNK
jewish parents 	UNK
crawls along at a snail 's pace 	UNK
deviant behavior 	UNK
bubbles up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie 	UNK
the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan '' 	UNK
what makes barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies . 	UNK
marvelous verdu 	UNK
this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states . 	UNK
because it is japanese and yet feels universal 	UNK
more bizarre than actually amusing 	UNK
proud in its message 	UNK
gaudy hawaiian shirt 	UNK
dim-witted and 	UNK
as is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold . 	UNK
lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat 	UNK
the quiet american is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar . 	UNK
irresistibly 	UNK
seen ( eddie ) 	UNK
throughout this funny film 	UNK
while the production details are lavish 	UNK
made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid 	UNK
a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy 	UNK
that it makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde 	UNK
is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened . 	UNK
unforced comedy-drama 	UNK
interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run 	UNK
group articulates a flood of emotion . 	UNK
no way 	UNK
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , 	UNK
feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us . 	UNK
it 's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas . 	UNK
this tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations . 	UNK
though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before . 	UNK
bad direction and bad acting -- 	UNK
a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event . 	UNK
good-naturedness 	UNK
is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen 	UNK
under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films 	UNK
holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often 	UNK
somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle . 	UNK
blind date , only less 	UNK
are totally estranged from reality 	UNK
the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness . 	UNK
is a lumbering , wheezy drag ... 	UNK
less enjoyable 	UNK
in the middle of hopeful 	UNK
amused by the idea 	UNK
genuinely moving 	UNK
scenes all end in someone screaming 	UNK
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , 	UNK
flat champagne 	UNK
a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one 	UNK
leads to a satisfying destination 	UNK
with dirty deeds , david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen . 	UNK
the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes . 	UNK
thematically complex 	UNK
if there 's a heaven for bad movies 	UNK
sustains a higher plateau 	UNK
has merit 	UNK
the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania 	UNK
's simply unbearable 	UNK
it 's lousy 	UNK
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp 	UNK
slapdash disaster 	UNK
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping . 	UNK
the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack . 	UNK
inspiring tale 	UNK
's refreshing to see a romance this smart . 	UNK
, considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy . 	UNK
comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . 	UNK
such high-profile talent serve such literate material 	UNK
he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . 	UNK
it has fun with the quirks of family life , 	UNK
ponderous and charmless 	UNK
if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm 	UNK
it does n't make any sense 	UNK
i 'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper . 	UNK
after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned . 	UNK
take you down a familiar road with a few twists 	UNK
's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images . 	UNK
... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see . 	UNK
been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture 	UNK
prefabricated 	UNK
tired old 	UNK
the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack 	UNK
it 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars 	UNK
all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted . 	UNK
an underachiever 	UNK
the filmmakers were worried 	UNK
of good stuff 	UNK
a smart , steamy mix 	UNK
must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees . 	UNK
shining performance 	UNK
captures the complicated relationships in a marching band . 	UNK
crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection 	UNK
those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us 	UNK
like a precious and finely cut diamond 	UNK
trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years 	UNK
is of brian de palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career 	UNK
time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain . 	UNK
somewhere lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire . 	UNK
do n't need to try very hard 	UNK
the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier . 	UNK
, this halloween is a gory slash-fest . 	UNK
that was written down 	UNK
is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still . 	UNK
uninvolving 	UNK
when ( reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . 	UNK
' rip-off 	UNK
'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't 	UNK
they have a tendency to slip into hokum 	UNK
a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days 	UNK
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot 	UNK
have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams 	UNK
is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out 	UNK
bad film you thought was going to be really awful 	UNK
is a film for the under-7 crowd 	UNK
of this so-called satire 	UNK
( seagal 's ) 	UNK
come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free 	UNK
enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining 	UNK
feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off 	UNK
love in remembrance 	UNK
for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus 	UNK
the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing . 	UNK
glorified 	UNK
the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of 	UNK
is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy . 	UNK
an epic rather than 	UNK
two unrelated shorts that falls far short 	UNK
as compelling or as believable 	UNK
's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . 	UNK
fell apart 	UNK
the concept is a hoot . 	UNK
nair 's cast is so large it 's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion 	UNK
's lovely and amazing 	UNK
admission for the ridicule factor 	UNK
hour-and-a-half-long commercial 	UNK
an alfred hitchcock movie 	UNK
may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences 	UNK
some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy 	UNK
visually graceful 	UNK
worse than bland 	UNK
's not scary , not smart and not engaging 	UNK
splendid actors 	UNK
its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis 	UNK
the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers . 	UNK
enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games . 	UNK
delving 	UNK
give exposure to some talented performers 	UNK
're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination 	UNK
the structure is simple , but in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings 	UNK
things insipid 	UNK
lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable 	UNK
hugely overwritten 	UNK
a nightmare 	UNK
suspenseful enough for older kids but not 	UNK
a lyrical and celebratory vision 	UNK
the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers 	UNK
tasteful little revision works 	UNK
a reprieve 	UNK
filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two 	UNK
strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 	UNK
terminally brain dead production 	UNK
holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy . 	UNK
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize 	UNK
lacks 	UNK
whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is 	UNK
, even-flowing tone 	UNK
absurdities 	UNK
a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism 	UNK
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults 	UNK
impressed 	UNK
directed by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut . 	UNK
is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness 	UNK
beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers 	UNK
i had a lot of problems with this movie . 	UNK
ingenious 	UNK
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . 	UNK
a sexy , surprising romance 	UNK
i can imagine this movie as a b & w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless . 	UNK
seems a prostituted muse ... 	UNK
sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons 	UNK
does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy . 	UNK
could make you weep 	UNK
goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle 	UNK
predictable and cloying , though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle . 	UNK
the movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing . 	UNK
define a generation 	UNK
is still worth 	UNK
, painful 	UNK
, fireballs and revenge 	UNK
a typical bible killer story 	UNK
a flawed but engrossing thriller . 	UNK
endearing cast 	UNK
drowns in sap . 	UNK
that it 's offensive , 	UNK
'd be lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow . 	UNK
( at least ) moore is a real charmer . 	UNK
the laborious pacing 	UNK
a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative 	UNK
especially clever 	UNK
has wonderfully funny moments 	UNK
would have saved this film a world of hurt 	UNK
infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm 	UNK
incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one 	UNK
i 'll go out on a limb . 	UNK
as beautifully shaped and 	UNK
as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder 	UNK
overlong and not well-acted , but 	UNK
howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective . 	UNK
their own rhythm 	UNK
an incomprehensible 	UNK
vicious and 	UNK
... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept . 	UNK
will want to see over and over again 	UNK
sophisticated , discerning taste 	UNK
will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face . 	UNK
long and eventful spiritual journey 	UNK
nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil . 	UNK
-- and timely 	UNK
could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population 	UNK
love moore or 	UNK
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and 	UNK
a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television 	UNK
the comedy is nonexistent . 	UNK
in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script 	UNK
about ten 	UNK
with amazing finesse 	UNK
movie-biz 	UNK
seen such self-amused trash 	UNK
veers 	UNK
team 	UNK
of self-congratulation between actor and director 	UNK
come off too amateurish and awkward 	UNK
prolific director 	UNK
many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill 	UNK
unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks 	UNK
like all of egoyan 's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious . 	UNK
works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing 	UNK
a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors 	UNK
well-meant but unoriginal 	UNK
ghandi 	UNK
, kinky fun 	UNK
refreshed and 	UNK
tom green stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony 	UNK
discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again 	UNK
may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black 	UNK
overwrought ending 	UNK
otto-sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye . 	UNK
form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare 	UNK
drown out 	UNK
the phenomenal , water-born cinematography 	UNK
bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay . 	UNK
production values & christian bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot 	UNK
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze 	UNK
enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid . 	UNK
played and smartly directed . 	UNK
has no reason to exist 	UNK
has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar 	UNK
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , 	UNK
a beautiful , aching sadness 	UNK
throwaway 	UNK
of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story 	UNK
been all but decommissioned 	UNK
's badder than bad . 	UNK
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy 	UNK
does so without compromising that complexity 	UNK
explosive physical energy and 	UNK
only belly laughs 	UNK
nice , harmless 	UNK
except : film overboard 	UNK
been cobbled together onscreen 	UNK
laborious 	UNK
damned funny 	UNK
bad luck and 	UNK
has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery 	UNK
a mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of russian history . 	UNK
who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds . 	UNK
the down-to-earth bullock 	UNK
of hell so shattering it 	UNK
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs 	UNK
's just grating 	UNK
of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay 	UNK
pleasing at its best moments 	UNK
is often very funny 	UNK
off more than he or anyone else could chew 	UNK
an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be 	UNK
're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity 	UNK
like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours 	UNK
the most oddly honest hollywood document of all 	UNK
with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel 	UNK
definitely funny stuff 	UNK
the only thing scary about feardotcom 	UNK
kafka 	UNK
it 's a very sincere work 	UNK
nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me 	UNK
no timeout 	UNK
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; 	UNK
that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 	UNK
provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history 	UNK
the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women . 	UNK
teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes 	UNK
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals 	UNK
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm 	UNK
that delivers a surprising 	UNK
you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular . 	UNK
lyrical and celebratory 	UNK
career-best performances 	UNK
for technical flaws to get in the way 	UNK
sixties ' rockumentary milestones 	UNK
the film , while it 's not completely wreaked 	UNK
endearing about it . 	UNK
whenever you think you 've figured out late marriage 	UNK
sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion ' 	UNK
bargain-basement 	UNK
via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy 	UNK
lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works . 	UNK
director michael cacoyannis 	UNK
is breathtaking 	UNK
is a particularly vexing handicap 	UNK
yet , it must be admitted , 	UNK
script is n't up to the level of the direction 	UNK
fairly solid 	UNK
roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude . 	UNK
screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation . 	UNK
an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending 	UNK
when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling 	UNK
definitely tasty and sweet 	UNK
balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams 	UNK
strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder 	UNK
that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll 	UNK
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie . 	UNK
glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . 	UNK
layered and stylistic 	UNK
a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession 	UNK
anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take . 	UNK
menace 	UNK
ambiguous and nothing 	UNK
one-dimensional 	UNK
gross 	UNK
's all the stronger because of it 	UNK
no new plot conceptions or environmental changes 	UNK
of death in this bitter italian comedy 	UNK
this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy . 	UNK
art-house to the core 	UNK
she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions . 	UNK
windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material . 	UNK
, it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair 	UNK
depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being . 	UNK
becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion 	UNK
, it may just scare the pants off you . 	UNK
mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete 	UNK
a loud , witless mess 	UNK
, ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast . 	UNK
and yet , it still works . 	UNK
form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand 	UNK
an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion 	UNK
the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way 	UNK
of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 	UNK
fine-looking film 	UNK
sucker 	UNK
who could too easily become comic relief in any other film 	UNK
mindless action flick 	UNK
with too much exploitation and too little art 	UNK
content merely 	UNK
of malaise 	UNK
hot 	UNK
if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing 	UNK
portrayals 	UNK
a bold biographical fantasia 	UNK
using an endearing cast 	UNK
its make-believe promise of life 	UNK
sweet treasure and something 	UNK
great companion piece 	UNK
holds itself 	UNK
the theater in the first 10 minutes 	UNK
a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience 	UNK
devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama . 	UNK
like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's . 	UNK
slick 	UNK
, madonna 's cameo does n't suck ! 	UNK
i could n't recommend this film more . 	UNK
these are textbook lives of quiet desperation . 	UNK
scratching your head in amazement over the fact 	UNK
's not original enough . 	UNK
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . 	UNK
while easier to sit through than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points . 	UNK
fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film 	UNK
often hilarious . 	UNK
miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . 	UNK
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep . 	UNK
recognize any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end 	UNK
come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook 	UNK
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place . 	UNK
right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong 	UNK
with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives . 	UNK
agonizing , catch-22 	UNK
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions . 	UNK
to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life 	UNK
to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other 	UNK
all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital 	UNK
inept direction , 	UNK
beauty reeks 	UNK
sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions 	UNK
foul up 	UNK
cinematic appeal 	UNK
the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man . 	UNK
a seriously bad film 	UNK
at the right film 	UNK
stereotypical 	UNK
written 	UNK
woefully hackneyed movie 	UNK
, it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . 	UNK
low-budget hybrid 	UNK
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , 	UNK
but also nicely done 	UNK
acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts 	UNK
is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems 	UNK
succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad 	UNK
-- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same 	UNK
's mildly entertaining 	UNK
, manipulative 	UNK
there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , 	UNK
a menace 	UNK
a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula 	UNK
, ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two . 	UNK
by the most random of chances 	UNK
bright , inventive 	UNK
some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being . 	UNK
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , 	UNK
that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over 	UNK
benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth . 	UNK
outweigh the positives 	UNK
make a classic theater piece 	UNK
a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale 	UNK
a ploddingly melodramatic structure 	UNK
satisfying summer blockbuster 	UNK
the barriers finally prove to be too great 	UNK
gay and lesbian children 	UNK
a rather listless amble 	UNK
that you wo n't care 	UNK
will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long 	UNK
obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered 	UNK
represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe 	UNK
the film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side . 	UNK
's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original 	UNK
heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this 	UNK
nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants 	UNK
of being able to give full performances 	UNK
denuded 	UNK
existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god 	UNK
a fresh idea 	UNK
`` home movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time . 	UNK
's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen 	UNK
film aficionados can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut . ' 	UNK
means to face your fears 	UNK
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone 	UNK
sophomore effort 	UNK
, stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie . 	UNK
it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases 	UNK
bland , obnoxious 88-minute 	UNK
are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny 	UNK
shapes history 	UNK
pretty watchable 	UNK
a japan bustling 	UNK
one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness 	UNK
fiercely clever and subtle 	UNK
is an object lesson in period filmmaking 	UNK
the worst titles in recent cinematic history 	UNK
great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood 	UNK
in the not-too-distant future , movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds . 	UNK
reprehensible 	UNK
that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy 	UNK
some interesting storytelling devices 	UNK
engaging fantasy 	UNK
as bad as you think 	UNK
is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography . 	UNK
is trite 	UNK
has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you 	UNK
an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare 	UNK
if that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong 	UNK
be , by its art and heart , a necessary one 	UNK
self-deprecating , biting and witty feature 	UNK
layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 	UNK
power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror 	UNK
routine stuff yuen 	UNK
vile , incoherent mess 	UNK
while cleverly worked out 	UNK
is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage 	UNK
plot lapses 	UNK
smartly and 	UNK
like a true star 	UNK
of intelligence or invention 	UNK
so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation 	UNK
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing 	UNK
upscale 	UNK
material realm 	UNK
of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim 	UNK
, the project should have been made for the tube . 	UNK
, featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore . 	UNK
signature style 	UNK
zings all the way 	UNK
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious 	UNK
smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling 	UNK
( t ) he script is n't up to the level of the direction 	UNK
hugely entertaining and 	UNK
to the integrity and vision of the band 	UNK
a little more special 	UNK
nothing good can happen 	UNK
cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in . 	UNK
is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel . 	UNK
uninspired preachy and clichéd 	UNK
wears 	UNK
deeply unpleasant 	UNK
the only thing avary seems to care about 	UNK
a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action 	UNK
i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting 	UNK
maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips 	UNK
everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial 	UNK
the film 's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter . 	UNK
nonsensical 	UNK
sustain laughs 	UNK
mannerisms and self-indulgence 	UNK
is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend 	UNK
made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 	UNK
, bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action 	UNK
has a fluid , no-nonsense authority 	UNK
you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller 	UNK
girl-meets-girl romantic comedy 	UNK
the rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based . 	UNK
witty and sophisticated 	UNK
more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway . 	UNK
intermittently hilarious 	UNK
second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief 	UNK
probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis . 	UNK
becomes lifeless and 	UNK
to some talented performers 	UNK
a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters 	UNK
it appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept . 	UNK
itself is about something very interesting and odd that 	UNK
guest appearance 	UNK
it 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame . 	UNK
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength . 	UNK
hart 's war seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character . 	UNK
me 	UNK
is thought-provoking . 	UNK
its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting 	UNK
has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock . 	UNK
sports 	UNK
we 're drawn in by the dark luster . 	UNK
terribly episodic and 	UNK
gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar . 	UNK
the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium 	UNK
more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else . 	UNK
during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness 	UNK
it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate 	UNK
this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ... 	UNK
can actually feel good 	UNK
some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither 	UNK
wilson and murphy 	UNK
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro . 	UNK
a-list players 	UNK
made the full monty a smashing success ... 	UNK
wooden delivery 	UNK
it , offering fine acting moments and pungent 	UNK
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made 	UNK
propels 	UNK
draggy 	UNK
damn 	UNK
transcends ethnic lines 	UNK
rapturous 	UNK
run out of clever ideas and visual gags 	UNK
he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	UNK
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows . 	UNK
warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family 	UNK
one of the best gay love stories ever made 	UNK
crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary . 	UNK
with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in . 	UNK
seem smart and well-crafted in comparison 	UNK
lawrence should stick to his day job . 	UNK
boring , self-important stories 	UNK
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free 	UNK
its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale 	UNK
, he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 	UNK
scattered 	UNK
find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests 	UNK
swooning elegance 	UNK
deep as a petri dish 	UNK
, it 's nowhere near as good as the original . 	UNK
viscerally exciting 	UNK
's nowhere near 	UNK
leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending 	UNK
a stirring , funny and 	UNK
it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair 	UNK
this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . 	UNK
well , jason 's gone to manhattan and hell 	UNK
still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch 	UNK
mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh . 	UNK
a tremendous piece of work 	UNK
absorbing 	UNK
relentlessly saccharine 	UNK
a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more 	UNK
really gives the film its oomph 	UNK
the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain 	UNK
a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads . 	UNK
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance 	UNK
silly summer entertainment 	UNK
those who are only mildly curious , i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals . 	UNK
is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving 	UNK
goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that ( jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice . 	UNK
, david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen . 	UNK
rich and intelligent film 	UNK
brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman 	UNK
may be lovely 	UNK
its broad racial insensitivity 	UNK
feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film 	UNK
, there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . 	UNK
seriously bad 	UNK
shock and amaze 	UNK
it were , well , more adventurous 	UNK
mimics everyone and everything 	UNK
just consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay . 	UNK
you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 	UNK
more accurately , it 's moving 	UNK
making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female 	UNK
( a ) satisfying niblet 	UNK
engages 	UNK
fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs 	UNK
the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden . 	UNK
curiosity factors 	UNK
depressed fifteen-year-old 's 	UNK
, incoherent , instantly disposable 	UNK
provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex 	UNK
can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial . 	UNK
boring despite the scenery 	UNK
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . 	UNK
you 'll enjoy this movie . 	UNK
disappointed by a movie 	UNK
a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped 	UNK
as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs 	UNK
birthday girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked . 	UNK
one terrific score and 	UNK
michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest 	UNK
pinochet 	UNK
shreve 's graceful dual narrative 	UNK
hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	UNK
's a very very strong `` b + . '' 	UNK
amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , 	UNK
is high on squaddie banter 	UNK
for good 	UNK
is highly pleasurable . 	UNK
life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , 	UNK
one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable 	UNK
the documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice . 	UNK
was n't a good movie 	UNK
is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives 	UNK
is a masterfully conducted work 	UNK
that constantly defies expectation 	UNK
you 'll find in this dreary mess . 	UNK
the unmistakable stamp of authority 	UNK
it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera 	UNK
a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television . 	UNK
beautiful , 	UNK
the artwork is spectacular and 	UNK
to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's 	UNK
humorous observations 	UNK
nifty plot line 	UNK
strongest and most touching movie of recent years 	UNK
ca n't save it 	UNK
comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation . 	UNK
tear their eyes away from the screen 	UNK
this dumas adaptation entertains 	UNK
i can imagine this movie as a b & w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless 	UNK
is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump 	UNK
whiny and 	UNK
only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments 	UNK
most practiced 	UNK
intolerant 	UNK
should have gone straight to video . 	UNK
though it was written for no one , but somehow 	UNK
sexual and romantic tension 	UNK
merchandised-to-the-max 	UNK
in which the script and characters hold sway 	UNK
one of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar 	UNK
emotional conviction 	UNK
is : ` scooby ' do n't . 	UNK
getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic 	UNK
would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . 	UNK
its characters , weak and strong 	UNK
small in scope , 	UNK
majidi shoe-loving 	UNK
a movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues ' like whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people . 	UNK
a depressing experience 	UNK
competence 	UNK
an absolute delight 	UNK
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration 	UNK
nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through 	UNK
bad direction and bad acting 	UNK
their place in the world 	UNK
mr. deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . 	UNK
satisfying complete 	UNK
the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore 	UNK
cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects 	UNK
it will be , 	UNK
lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , 	UNK
thrilling 	UNK
is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie 	UNK
the action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory . 	UNK
, but wanes in the middle 	UNK
insensitivity 	UNK
, find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . 	UNK
was put through torture for an hour and a half 	UNK
and altogether creepy 	UNK
as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination 	UNK
the always hilarious meara 	UNK
plot holes sink this ` sub ' 	UNK
come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together 	UNK
is without intent . 	UNK
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films 	UNK
his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon 	UNK
it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators 	UNK
's really wrong with this ricture ! 	UNK
from burkina faso 	UNK
joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , 	UNK
unabashedly romantic picture 	UNK
it 's a funny no-brainer 	UNK
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then . 	UNK
a dark-as-pitch comedy 	UNK
has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition . 	UNK
is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious 	UNK
this region and 	UNK
for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing 	UNK
drivel 	UNK
nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear 	UNK
itself is actually quite vapid . 	UNK
... less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror . 	UNK
, trouble every day is a plodding mess . 	UNK
needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds 	UNK
with all its flaws 	UNK
it may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer . 	UNK
a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction 	UNK
's what makes their project so interesting 	UNK
got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane 	UNK
adults , other than the parents ... will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild . 	UNK
's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room . 	UNK
intelligent , realistic portrayal 	UNK
funnier than being about something 	UNK
a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history 	UNK
all the way 	UNK
is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness . 	UNK
other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or 	UNK
convincing way 	UNK
into too many pointless situations 	UNK
... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics . 	UNK
a sentimental mess that never 	UNK
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient 	UNK
stale retread of the '53 original 	UNK
trial movie 	UNK
starts making water torture seem appealing 	UNK
is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex 	UNK
the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) 	UNK
servicable world war ii drama 	UNK
the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet 	UNK
rodrigues 's 	UNK
are too obvious 	UNK
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost 	UNK
an accessible introduction as well as 	UNK
an energetic , violent movie 	UNK
than a more measured or polished production ever could 	UNK
a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us . 	UNK
's more enjoyable than i expected , though 	UNK
wonderfully funny moments 	UNK
i just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie 	UNK
of fresh air 	UNK
, resistance and artistic transcendence 	UNK
funny ( sometimes hilarious ) 	UNK
the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed 	UNK
fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references . 	UNK
be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares 	UNK
agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals 	UNK
too indulgent 	UNK
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the halloween series has lost its edge . 	UNK
a fairly impressive debut 	UNK
the best ensemble casts of the year 	UNK
what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion 	UNK
shines through every frame . 	UNK
at every opportunity to do something clever 	UNK
a younger lad 	UNK
much to recommend the film 	UNK
the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit 	UNK
life 	UNK
this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture 	UNK
a cutesy romantic tale 	UNK
uplifting , funny and wise 	UNK
detract from the affection of that moral favorite 	UNK
... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler . 	UNK
as little cleavage 	UNK
prolonged and boring 	UNK
confrontations 	UNK
fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation 	UNK
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and 	UNK
a rather unique approach to documentary 	UNK
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand 	UNK
this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped 	UNK
's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly 	UNK
( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable 	UNK
with a sensitivity 	UNK
for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese 's 168-minute gangs of new york 	UNK
capture the minds and hearts of many 	UNK
offensive and redundant 	UNK
caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare 	UNK
memorable directorial debut 	UNK
do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money . 	UNK
comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment 	UNK
soulless 	UNK
thinking someone made off with your wallet 	UNK
an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband 	UNK
the rich performances by friel -- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- round out the square edges . 	UNK
dramatic enough to sustain interest 	UNK
it 's a very very strong `` b + . '' 	UNK
just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity 	UNK
on the santa clause 2 	UNK
if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . ' 	UNK
despite juliet stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . 	UNK
funny and 	UNK
, xxx is a blast of adrenalin , 	UNK
the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past 	UNK
its essential problem 	UNK
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill . 	UNK
an inexplicable nightmare , 	UNK
a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 	UNK
may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen . 	UNK
a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff . 	UNK
playful paranoia 	UNK
one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made . 	UNK
of softheaded metaphysical claptrap 	UNK
grievous but obscure 	UNK
enjoy yourselves without feeling conned 	UNK
a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless . 	UNK
enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events 	UNK
worked wonders with the material 	UNK
the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air 	UNK
a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger . 	UNK
inconsistent , dishonest 	UNK
are what makes it worth the trip to the theater . 	UNK
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood . 	UNK
good music 	UNK
thematic resonance 	UNK
winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 	UNK
skip this turd 	UNK
thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity 	UNK
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , 	UNK
pretentious . 	UNK
coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . 	UNK
a sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis . 	UNK
to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie 	UNK
high drama 	UNK
appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy 	UNK
an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness 	UNK
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic 	UNK
tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run 	UNK
horribly depressing and not 	UNK
a moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child . 	UNK
this quality band may pick up new admirers 	UNK
demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested 	UNK
this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . ' 	UNK
a superior moral tone 	UNK
over the years , hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor . 	UNK
convoluted 	UNK
pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel . 	UNK
a unique culture 	UNK
self-deprecating 	UNK
manages for but a few seconds 	UNK
be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors 	UNK
it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one . 	UNK
's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor . 	UNK
a therapeutic zap of shock treatment 	UNK
the slapstick is labored 	UNK
your children will be occupied for 72 minutes . 	UNK
difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny 	UNK
she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo 	UNK
the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script 	UNK
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration 	UNK
, the new thriller proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo . 	UNK
of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen 	UNK
is better than you might think 	UNK
the pacing is often way off and 	UNK
biggest names 	UNK
cynical creeps 	UNK
a more credible script 	UNK
good line 	UNK
-- sometimes tedious -- 	UNK
earnest 	UNK
while the humor is recognizably plympton 	UNK
stunningly trite 	UNK
a movie this bad 	UNK
her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled 	UNK
a low-budget hybrid of scarface or 	UNK
to ensnare its target audience . 	UNK
probably wo n't stand the cold light of day 	UNK
move over bond ; 	UNK
a sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer . 	UNK
delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition 	UNK
inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening 	UNK
glides 	UNK
's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie 	UNK
the smug self-satisfaction 	UNK
a realistic , non-exploitive approach 	UNK
an embarrassment . 	UNK
with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace 	UNK
surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue 	UNK
, windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . 	UNK
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense 	UNK
's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty 	UNK
more timely in its despairing vision of corruption 	UNK
hideously and clumsily 	UNK
of a particular theatrical family 	UNK
rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke 	UNK
with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes 	UNK
the most impressive player 	UNK
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams 	UNK
majestic achievement 	UNK
wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way 	UNK
transcendent love story 	UNK
vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores . 	UNK
unerring 	UNK
someone going through the motions 	UNK
snipes is both a snore and utter tripe . 	UNK
all menace and atmosphere 	UNK
a vibrant , colorful world 	UNK
loses all 	UNK
already overladen with plot conceits 	UNK
, an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . 	UNK
uncomfortably timely , relevant , 	UNK
to think about the ways we consume pop culture 	UNK
with unblinking candor 	UNK
i ca n't wait to see what the director does next 	UNK
a less-compelling soap opera 	UNK
this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them ! 	UNK
digital photography 	UNK
its face 	UNK
captivates 	UNK
of masters of both 	UNK
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming 	UNK
been acted out 	UNK
this dreck 	UNK
norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced 	UNK
often watchable 	UNK
the film is not only a love song to the movies but 	UNK
play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life 	UNK
to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours 	UNK
a new treasure of the hermitage 	UNK
is drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap 	UNK
their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script 	UNK
the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache . 	UNK
re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting 	UNK
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture 	UNK
uncertainties 	UNK
all-too-familiar 	UNK
, confident 	UNK
its leaden acting , dull exposition and 	UNK
narcissistic 	UNK
worthwhile effort 	UNK
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all 	UNK
a longtime tolkien fan 	UNK
a weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media subcultures . 	UNK
both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving . 	UNK
it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down 	UNK
has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents . 	UNK
swipe 90 minutes of your time 	UNK
emotionally and spiritually compelling 	UNK
revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style 	UNK
icily brilliant 	UNK
it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second . 	UNK
like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders . 	UNK
the movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents . 	UNK
for all the dolorous trim , secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism . 	UNK
not for every taste 	UNK
using an endearing cast , writer/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred . 	UNK
gloriously goofy way 	UNK
'' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless . 	UNK
in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution 	UNK
sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long 	UNK
more than enough sentimental catharsis 	UNK
delights and 	UNK
ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful 	UNK
by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot 	UNK
the problem with `` xxx '' 	UNK
whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- 	UNK
is what we call the ` wow ' factor 	UNK
another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh . 	UNK
all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations 	UNK
were less densely plotted 	UNK
more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating . 	UNK
he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh 	UNK
gives his best screen performance 	UNK
otherwise comic narrative 	UNK
spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and 	UNK
to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor 	UNK
an extraordinary poignancy , and the story 	UNK
paper-thin supporting characters 	UNK
of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film 	UNK
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking 	UNK
very tasteful rock 	UNK
murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , 	UNK
by and large this is mr. kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since the doors . 	UNK
a tasteful , intelligent manner 	UNK
similarly ill-timed antitrust 	UNK
an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film 	UNK
powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama 	UNK
has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden . 	UNK
is never clear . 	UNK
delightful 	UNK
as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project . 	UNK
are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery . 	UNK
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , 	UNK
peevish and gimmicky 	UNK
the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience . 	UNK
to admit that i am baffled by jason x. 	UNK
watching spy 	UNK
sure hand 	UNK
dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song . 	UNK
i killed my father compelling 	UNK
dysfunctional 	UNK
seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material 	UNK
episodic choppiness , 	UNK
a surgeon mends a broken heart 	UNK
as tawdry trash 	UNK
a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability 	UNK
philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and 	UNK
one of the very best movies 	UNK
a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography 	UNK
luckiest viewers 	UNK
pointless 	UNK
if you 're not , you 'll still have a good time . '' 	UNK
catches dramatic fire . 	UNK
find compelling 	UNK
all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king 	UNK
overblown enterprise 	UNK
artificial and soulless 	UNK
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china 	UNK
the level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington the actor . 	UNK
a step further , richer 	UNK
saddens 	UNK
schmucks 	UNK
sheer beauty 	UNK
's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 	UNK
are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock ( since sept. 11 ) . 	UNK
at its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture . 	UNK
some surprises 	UNK
, dark beauty 	UNK
that they are actually releasing it into theaters 	UNK
it 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what ( aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career . 	UNK
it 's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming . 	UNK
it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees . 	UNK
that hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power 	UNK
assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation . 	UNK
in the manner of a golden book sprung to life 	UNK
petty thievery 	UNK
a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody . 	UNK
a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you 	UNK
, maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master 	UNK
same old bad trip 	UNK
turns that 	UNK
's refreshing 	UNK
its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd 	UNK
sharply comic and surprisingly touching 	UNK
, i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful . 	UNK
feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark 	UNK
after ( seagal 's ) earlier copycat under siege 	UNK
notable for its sheer audacity and openness 	UNK
it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one . 	UNK
rate annie 	UNK
rekindles 	UNK
good natured 	UNK
that it 's impossible to care 	UNK
he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary 	UNK
a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing . 	UNK
slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty 	UNK
into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey 	UNK
what made you love it 	UNK
is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states . 	UNK
it a party worth attending 	UNK
there is no sense 	UNK
it 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it . 	UNK
a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension 	UNK
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and 	UNK
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion 	UNK
sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait 	UNK
ferrara 's 	UNK
a bit exploitative but also nicely done , 	UNK
a quaint , 	UNK
the clever credits roll 	UNK
from their incessant whining 	UNK
seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd . 	UNK
of complacency 	UNK
that rare movie 	UNK
such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy 	UNK
, compulsive life 	UNK
there 's definite room for improvement . 	UNK
stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence 	UNK
fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte 	UNK
's often overwritten 	UNK
i did n't care . 	UNK
well-contructed 	UNK
works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely . 	UNK
dying and going 	UNK
humor and pathos 	UNK
a waste 	UNK
stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter 	UNK
invaluable record 	UNK
eventually becomes too heavy for the plot . 	UNK
veered off too far into the exxon zone 	UNK
skip this dreck , rent animal house and 	UNK
not a bad way to spend an hour or two 	UNK
of moronic stunts 	UNK
dramedy ' 	UNK
you feel good , 	UNK
's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater . 	UNK
a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick 	UNK
, shiri is a must for genre fans . 	UNK
slapping its target audience 	UNK
dumb drug jokes 	UNK
decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies 	UNK
, is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly . 	UNK
gentlemen 	UNK
gentle jesus 	UNK
that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely 	UNK
asia , where ms. shu is an institution 	UNK
of the tortured and self-conscious material 	UNK
beautifully made 	UNK
the affection of that moral favorite 	UNK
support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick 	UNK
head cutter 	UNK
the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing . 	UNK
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop 	UNK
an 88-minute rip-off of the rock 	UNK
while scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` gangs '' is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about . 	UNK
blast 	UNK
was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends 	UNK
manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in . 	UNK
makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 	UNK
consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable 	UNK
is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 . 	UNK
why is this so boring ? 	UNK
stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes 	UNK
conforms itself with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences . 	UNK
does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length 	UNK
veered off too far 	UNK
a massive infusion 	UNK
are married for political reason 	UNK
that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema 	UNK
brilliantly written and well-acted , yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film . 	UNK
ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film . 	UNK
a coma-like state 	UNK
left slightly unfulfilled 	UNK
intermittently powerful 	UNK
's quite an achievement 	UNK
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , 	UNK
which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile 	UNK
to extremist name-calling 	UNK
a lynch-like vision 	UNK
popcorn 	UNK
rising 	UNK
can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience 	UNK
vividly 	UNK
not very absorbing characters 	UNK
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... 	UNK
riveting story 	UNK
is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises 	UNK
make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey 	UNK
smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still 	UNK
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and 	UNK
has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing 	UNK
barker movie 	UNK
some cute moments , funny scenes 	UNK
tiring than anything 	UNK
, but it is a refreshingly forthright one . 	UNK
, mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold . 	UNK
satisfying evening 	UNK
hearts and minds 	UNK
parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion ' 	UNK
to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude 	UNK
the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials 	UNK
is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power 	UNK
even delectable 	UNK
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid 	UNK
the pungent bite of its title 	UNK
hopkins looks like a drag queen 	UNK
this crazy life 	UNK
squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching 	UNK
is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , 	UNK
is a director to watch . 	UNK
how to win the battle 	UNK
is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing 	UNK
creeping in others 	UNK
recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it 	UNK
gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , 	UNK
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect . 	UNK
gets the look and the period trappings right 	UNK
the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 	UNK
can not disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice . 	UNK
dicey screen material 	UNK
ramble 	UNK
relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations 	UNK
good period reconstruction 	UNK
a tasty performance 	UNK
required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike 	UNK
befallen every other carmen before her 	UNK
`` birthday girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost . 	UNK
waste of time , money and celluloid 	UNK
too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche 	UNK
amusing personalities 	UNK
chan has done in the united states 	UNK
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... 	UNK
stupid and annoying 	UNK
without you has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood . 	UNK
the misleading title 	UNK
in addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded . 	UNK
charming , sometimes infuriating 	UNK
builds its multi-character story 	UNK
that embraces its old-fashioned themes 	UNK
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter 	UNK
spirited 	UNK
recommend it for its originality 	UNK
does n't make much 	UNK
an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike . 	UNK
very compelling , 	UNK
that was followed by the bad idea 	UNK
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers 	UNK
the enjoyable undercover brother , 	UNK
does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it 	UNK
romantic tale 	UNK
's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it 	UNK
fails him 	UNK
hurts 	UNK
offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes 	UNK
is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . 	UNK
passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge . 	UNK
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films 	UNK
everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing . 	UNK
the paranoid claustrophobia 	UNK
there are some laughs in this movie , but 	UNK
emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions 	UNK
that will keep them guessing 	UNK
does no justice 	UNK
a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise . 	UNK
does somehow manage to get you under its spell . 	UNK
though it 's equally solipsistic in tone 	UNK
cause massive cardiac arrest 	UNK
all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new 	UNK
negative 	UNK
, for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb . 	UNK
filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope 	UNK
a `` snl '' has-been 	UNK
its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome 	UNK
he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up 	UNK
broke out into elaborate choreography 	UNK
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , 	UNK
film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers 	UNK
appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn . 	UNK
a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 	UNK
very entertaining , thought-provoking film 	UNK
to make absurdist observations 	UNK
you were thinking someone made off with your wallet 	UNK
at least passably real 	UNK
as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness 	UNK
with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders 	UNK
for the quirky 	UNK
real documentary 	UNK
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story 	UNK
expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre 	UNK
whatever fills time -- 	UNK
that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood 	UNK
, this is even better than the fellowship . 	UNK
leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute . 	UNK
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive 	UNK
at ninety minutes , it drags 	UNK
cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces . 	UNK
like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries 	UNK
only had a week to live 	UNK
love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly was n't feeling any of it . 	UNK
as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films 	UNK
, with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives . 	UNK
an odd show 	UNK
comfy 	UNK
younger lad 	UNK
see it for his performance if nothing else . 	UNK
lazily 	UNK
` true story ' 	UNK
this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool . 	UNK
familiar and insufficiently cathartic 	UNK
the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics 	UNK
manipulative claptrap , 	UNK
, just for them 	UNK
interesting 	UNK
if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out 	UNK
be delightfully compatible 	UNK
a charmer 	UNK
overachieving 	UNK
adrenalin 	UNK
is repulsive and depressing 	UNK
to love the piano teacher 	UNK
as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes 	UNK
enough cool fun here 	UNK
deserves a place of honor 	UNK
give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works 	UNK
leave you speaking in tongues 	UNK
love in the time of money 	UNK
look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes 	UNK
to those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much . 	UNK
consider it ` perfection . 	UNK
as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system 	UNK
sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen 	UNK
a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides 	UNK
fraction 	UNK
it suits the script 	UNK
moving and revelatory 	UNK
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film . 	UNK
i know better than to rush to the theater for this one 	UNK
it belongs on the big screen 	UNK
could force you to scratch a hole in your head . 	UNK
scenes brim 	UNK
green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that . 	UNK
landing squarely on `` stupid '' 	UNK
'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year 	UNK
backbone 	UNK
hugely imaginative and successful 	UNK
that proceeds 	UNK
viewers out in the cold 	UNK
, er , bubbly 	UNK
disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with 	UNK
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama 	UNK
disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood 	UNK
... stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier . 	UNK
's also nice 	UNK
this unique and entertaining twist 	UNK
you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored . 	UNK
become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one 	UNK
the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers . 	UNK
's an adventure story and history lesson all in one 	UNK
the film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed crudup out of pre-9 / 11 new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind . 	UNK
is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd . 	UNK
equals the sum of its pretensions . 	UNK
by the standards of knucklehead swill 	UNK
through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . ' 	UNK
schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , 	UNK
keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation 	UNK
greatest date movies 	UNK
having an old friend 	UNK
has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy 	UNK
certainly ca n't recommend it 	UNK
not a classic 	UNK
alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing . 	UNK
this simple , sweet and romantic comedy 	UNK
wastes an exceptionally good idea . 	UNK
that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 	UNK
hélène angel is definitely a director to watch . 	UNK
many genuine cackles 	UNK
a worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll . 	UNK
's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations 	UNK
while remaining true to his principles 	UNK
just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen 	UNK
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension 	UNK
powerful rather than cloying 	UNK
a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people 	UNK
turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions 	UNK
is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be 	UNK
glizty but formulaic and silly ... cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel . 	UNK
intriguing , provocative stuff 	UNK
heroine 	UNK
hooked 	UNK
clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own 	UNK
privy to 	UNK
director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve . 	UNK
the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel 	UNK
collapses when mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush . 	UNK
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and i know this because i 've seen ` jackass : the movie . ' 	UNK
inexperienced 	UNK
a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama 	UNK
yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , 	UNK
the rut dug by the last one 	UNK
images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago 	UNK
wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers 	UNK
supremely unfunny and unentertaining 	UNK
its best 	UNK
an irrepressible passion 	UNK
can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro rhetoric , which are included 	UNK
a party worth attending 	UNK
scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting 	UNK
it 's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end 	UNK
hodgepodge 	UNK
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes 	UNK
parents beware 	UNK
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times 	UNK
i walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like . 	UNK
finely detailed 	UNK
, reflective and beautifully 	UNK
adaptation is simply brilliant . 	UNK
chase to end all chases 	UNK
any enjoyment 	UNK
if i stay positive 	UNK
spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch 	UNK
this flat run at a hip-hop tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines . 	UNK
the original hit movie 	UNK
deserves more than a passing twinkle 	UNK
how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls 	UNK
includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick 	UNK
their recklessness 	UNK
well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too 	UNK
intelligence and 	UNK
is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening . 	UNK
hard to resist 	UNK
dahmer 	UNK
working-class subjects 	UNK
right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner 	UNK
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , 	UNK
go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories 	UNK
the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art . 	UNK
a work of extraordinary journalism 	UNK
de niro ) 	UNK
a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie . 	UNK
to the annoying score 	UNK
if welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way . 	UNK
is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan 	UNK
like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way 	UNK
an engaging 	UNK
is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff 	UNK
's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties . 	UNK
a strong and unforced supporting cast 	UNK
delivered in grand passion 	UNK
nolan 's penetrating undercurrent 	UNK
crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment 	UNK
that the journey is such a mesmerizing one 	UNK
's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough 	UNK
it 's burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown . 	UNK
a thoughtful what-if 	UNK
tough to watch 	UNK
lots of laughs 	UNK
is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful . 	UNK
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes . 	UNK
it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , 	UNK
girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre 	UNK
the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge 	UNK
take us by surprise ... 	UNK
a film of freshness , imagination and insight 	UNK
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script 	UNK
the story 's pathetic 	UNK
graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake . 	UNK
utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code 	UNK
linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie 	UNK
on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly 	UNK
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film 	UNK
already obscure 	UNK
toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard 	UNK
thrill you , touch you and 	UNK
it falls far short of poetry 	UNK
ego-destroying 	UNK
the jokes are sophomoric 	UNK
a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . 	UNK
even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 	UNK
love him 	UNK
sweet , genuine 	UNK
, it can easily worm its way into your heart . ' 	UNK
similar obsessions can dominate a family 	UNK
advancing 	UNK
the right direction 	UNK
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style 	UNK
bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun 	UNK
fits 	UNK
the young actors , not very experienced , 	UNK
, dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters 	UNK
loved the people onscreen , 	UNK
appear foolish and shallow 	UNK
... comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental . 	UNK
first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' make this a charmer . 	UNK
fairly lame 	UNK
rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love . 	UNK
of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole 	UNK
, oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly 	UNK
'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama 	UNK
breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks 	UNK
overly convenient 	UNK
the success of undercover brother 	UNK
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , 	UNK
they fall to pieces 	UNK
pseudo-intellectual kid 	UNK
releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , 	UNK
a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations . 	UNK
assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony 	UNK
of funny situations and honest observations 	UNK
certainly clever in spots 	UNK
your ego 	UNK
it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted 	UNK
holland lets things peter out midway , but it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals . 	UNK
ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing ... 	UNK
soap-opera emotion 	UNK
in its perfect quiet pace 	UNK
this is one of the year 's best films . 	UNK
it 's uninteresting . 	UNK
a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast 	UNK
it 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space . 	UNK
not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ? 	UNK
emotional and moral 	UNK
very ambitious project 	UNK
, it is clearly a good thing . 	UNK
superbly acted offbeat thriller 	UNK
add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff . 	UNK
looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script . 	UNK
, more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite 	UNK
shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them . 	UNK
is n't as weird as it ought to be 	UNK
incredibly flexible 	UNK
caton-jones 	UNK
a surprising , subtle turn 	UNK
that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh 	UNK
whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent 	UNK
nice 	UNK
luscious 	UNK
this 65-minute trifle 	UNK
insultingly inept and artificial 	UNK
a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy . 	UNK
trailer-trash style 	UNK
a slapdash mess 	UNK
watchable up 	UNK
stay away 	UNK
manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . 	UNK
thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights 	UNK
that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one 	UNK
invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once 	UNK
full flush 	UNK
eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it 	UNK
the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings 	UNK
ghandi gone bad 	UNK
is astonishing 	UNK
the first movie 	UNK
to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) 	UNK
french malapropisms 	UNK
might actually want to watch . 	UNK
necessary to document all this emotional misery 	UNK
is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country 	UNK
concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation 	UNK
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and 	UNK
a moving and weighty depiction 	UNK
a no-holds-barred cinematic 	UNK
knows how to hold the screen 	UNK
`` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years 	UNK
a worthwhile addition 	UNK
with restraint and a delicate ambiguity 	UNK
characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil 	UNK
film school undergrad 	UNK
a cellular phone commercial 	UNK
i 'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment . 	UNK
there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs 	UNK
will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning 	UNK
return ticket 	UNK
to feel funny and light 	UNK
the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food 	UNK
alienation 	UNK
spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning . 	UNK
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china . 	UNK
've completely 	UNK
loses its overall sense of mystery and 	UNK
enough flourishes and freak-outs 	UNK
lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) 	UNK
the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . '' 	UNK
's a testament to the film 's considerable charm 	UNK
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and 	UNK
fascinating little thriller 	UNK
's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies . 	UNK
quietly vulnerable 	UNK
inauthentic 	UNK
mental illness 	UNK
is weak . 	UNK
the exuberant openness 	UNK
but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while . 	UNK
gag 	UNK
is the director 's talent 	UNK
for all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them . 	UNK
is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time . 	UNK
it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half 	UNK
lacks aspirations of social upheaval . 	UNK
( less a movie than ) an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment . 	UNK
becomes lifeless 	UNK
any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions 	UNK
on `` stupid 	UNK
is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive . 	UNK
's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them 	UNK
if s&m seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves . 	UNK
its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that 	UNK
killing time , that 's all that 's going on here . 	UNK
go back to sleep . 	UNK
does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke 	UNK
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels 	UNK
mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as 	UNK
at your neighbor 's garage sale 	UNK
everyone 's to blame here . 	UNK
cut open a vein 	UNK
into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary 	UNK
true to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation . 	UNK
bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality 	UNK
win any academy awards 	UNK
awkwardly paced 	UNK
whatever satire lucky break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . 	UNK
) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined 	UNK
this movie worth seeing 	UNK
wryly amusing 	UNK
evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones . 	UNK
more complex 	UNK
balances both traditional or modern stories 	UNK
progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony 	UNK
joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius . 	UNK
hastily dubbed 	UNK
an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood 	UNK
captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path 	UNK
proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast . 	UNK
this insipid , brutally clueless film 	UNK
mr. deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- 	UNK
the disjointed mess 	UNK
make the film relevant today , 	UNK
is just garbage 	UNK
could have been much better 	UNK
may strain adult credibility 	UNK
bad acting 	UNK
an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty 	UNK
a riot 	UNK
pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter 	UNK
as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro 	UNK
despite the opulent lushness of every scene 	UNK
another best 	UNK
comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild . 	UNK
comical 	UNK
thinly-conceived movie . 	UNK
're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party . 	UNK
maggie g. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen . 	UNK
a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men . 	UNK
gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving 	UNK
of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 	UNK
hollywood too long has ignored 	UNK
overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director 	UNK
like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless 	UNK
painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama 	UNK
by this gentle comedy 	UNK
a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution 	UNK
been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks 	UNK
the simpering soundtrack and editing 	UNK
the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline 	UNK
it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . 	UNK
is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches . 	UNK
at soccer hooliganism 	UNK
despite terrific special effects and funnier gags 	UNK
the most important and exhilarating forms 	UNK
fred schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . 	UNK
a disaster 	UNK
not a participant 	UNK
it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken 	UNK
sags in pace 	UNK
inadequately motivated 	UNK
able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting 	UNK
it 's the image that really tells the tale . 	UNK
captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe 	UNK
be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being 	UNK
silly horror movies 	UNK
in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity 	UNK
vivid characters and 	UNK
, blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 	UNK
's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale . 	UNK
something for everyone . 	UNK
comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire . 	UNK
a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation . 	UNK
with a moral 	UNK
achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation 	UNK
chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in 	UNK
few early laughs 	UNK
... although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired . 	UNK
transcends 	UNK
straight-to-video 	UNK
could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up 	UNK
great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood . 	UNK
the original new testament stories so compelling 	UNK
here is unusually tame 	UNK
a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare 	UNK
safe 	UNK
for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon 	UNK
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is 	UNK
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but peter mattei 's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note . 	UNK
lazy , miserable and smug 	UNK
, for the most part , credible 	UNK
their parents 	UNK
the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made 	UNK
byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle . 	UNK
starts off witty and sophisticated 	UNK
makes this movie worth seeing 	UNK
of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances 	UNK
most creative mayhem 	UNK
with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer 	UNK
fun factor 	UNK
original fantasy film 	UNK
entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel . 	UNK
its characters tissue-thin 	UNK
time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term . 	UNK
there is n't one true ` chan moment ' . 	UNK
canada 's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people . 	UNK
this new movie version of the alexandre dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit . 	UNK
cinematic experience 	UNK
reach much further than we imagine 	UNK
make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see 	UNK
run-of-the-filth 	UNK
incoherence 	UNK
a no-holds-barred cinematic treat . 	UNK
addict 	UNK
it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject . 	UNK
second helpings 	UNK
wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching 	UNK
awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story 	UNK
up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream 	UNK
as generic as its title 	UNK
the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season 	UNK
that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls 	UNK
will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it . 	UNK
is an ` action film ' mired in stasis 	UNK
of its sense of fun or energy 	UNK
to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson 	UNK
breathtakingly assured and stylish work 	UNK
hogwash 	UNK
let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , 	UNK
to drag on for nearly three hours 	UNK
tired , talky feel 	UNK
praise 	UNK
ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie 	UNK
the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts 	UNK
exquisite 	UNK
exasperatingly 	UNK
for most of the characters 	UNK
like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy . 	UNK
big ending surprise 	UNK
if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or 	UNK
amazingly evocative film from three decades ago 	UNK
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers 	UNK
that the film is never dull 	UNK
a lackluster script 	UNK
stooping to base melodrama 	UNK
it 's a thin notion 	UNK
sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama 	UNK
he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject . 	UNK
a niche hit 	UNK
comes across as both shallow and dim-witted 	UNK
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , 	UNK
the brawn , but not 	UNK
mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting 	UNK
make for a winning , heartwarming yarn 	UNK
upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product 	UNK
counter the crudity 	UNK
accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people 	UNK
chilling , unnerving film 	UNK
has become the master of innuendo . 	UNK
unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle 	UNK
's soulful and unslick 	UNK
still serious problem 	UNK
a winning comedy 	UNK
suicide 	UNK
the major problem 	UNK
that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm 	UNK
the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession 	UNK
of passion , grief and fear 	UNK
the hours represents two of those well spent 	UNK
trouble 	UNK
the auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug . 	UNK
that 's something i would rather live in denial about 	UNK
the torments and angst 	UNK
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination 	UNK
to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 	UNK
of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves 	UNK
the shocking conclusion 	UNK
deals with first love sweetly 	UNK
it does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain . 	UNK
creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance 	UNK
in all fairness 	UNK
laid-back 	UNK
's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself 	UNK
and pat storytelling 	UNK
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself 	UNK
made the original men in black such a pleasure 	UNK
while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own . 	UNK
stirring , 	UNK
appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , 	UNK
fiend 	UNK
pure craft 	UNK
pokémon 4ever is terrifying 	UNK
might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill . 	UNK
that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film 	UNK
a grim future 	UNK
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and 	UNK
skip the film 	UNK
for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture 	UNK
to sit through it again 	UNK
also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end 	UNK
a flawed human 	UNK
a good match 	UNK
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and 	UNK
attractive about this movie 	UNK
were more repulsive 	UNK
too long , and larded with exposition 	UNK
found the movie as divided against itself 	UNK
goodness 	UNK
, in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 	UNK
taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions 	UNK
part of the charm of satin rouge 	UNK
the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent 	UNK
that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors 	UNK
're on the edge of your seat 	UNK
from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 	UNK
the works of an artist 	UNK
edge to it 	UNK
significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old 	UNK
its director could ever have dreamed 	UNK
an awkwardly contrived exercise 	UNK
to easy feel-good sentiments 	UNK
, collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure 	UNK
if we 're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she 's french , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ? 	UNK
is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be 	UNK
wise and deadpan humorous . 	UNK
've a taste for the quirky 	UNK
of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least 	UNK
is completely lacking in charm and charisma 	UNK
takes big bloody chomps out of it 	UNK
imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread 	UNK
it 's provocative stuff , 	UNK
to accomplish what few sequels can 	UNK
a memorable directorial debut 	UNK
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script 	UNK
an inconclusive ending 	UNK
passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats . 	UNK
with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments 	UNK
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices . 	UNK
a great script brought down by lousy direction . 	UNK
content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool 	UNK
'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment . 	UNK
zinger-filled 	UNK
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and 	UNK
, you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub . 	UNK
bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right 	UNK
murder and mayhem 	UNK
nearly incoherent 	UNK
is n't particularly assaultive 	UNK
that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth 	UNK
to a sunshine state 	UNK
introspective and 	UNK
for the tube 	UNK
shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated . 	UNK
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie . 	UNK
of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny 	UNK
the rest is just an overexposed waste of film 	UNK
emotionally strong and 	UNK
wholly unnecessary 	UNK
keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong 	UNK
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , 	UNK
beloved 	UNK
transcendent performance 	UNK
an oscar 	UNK
a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun . 	UNK
on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers 	UNK
, in a better movie , you might not have noticed . 	UNK
is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it 's based upon 	UNK
that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow 	UNK
more ridiculous 	UNK
the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , 	UNK
dramatic arc 	UNK
an extraordinary poignancy , 	UNK
absurdities and 	UNK
multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation 	UNK
unoriginal 	UNK
that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest 	UNK
feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment . 	UNK
takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors 	UNK
take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis 	UNK
a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true 	UNK
whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau 	UNK
a college keg party 	UNK
, low-budget and tired 	UNK
mira sorvino 's limitations 	UNK
is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks 	UNK
hostile 	UNK
a copout 	UNK
while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying 	UNK
earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner . 	UNK
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here 	UNK
its apparent glee 	UNK
profanities 	UNK
is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers 	UNK
surprisingly decent 	UNK
am baffled by jason x. 	UNK
it offers hope 	UNK
an experience that is richer than anticipated 	UNK
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any oscars 	UNK
have given this movie a rating of zero . 	UNK
style and humor 	UNK
most magical and most 	UNK
as deep as a petri dish 	UNK
of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone 	UNK
something for everyone 	UNK
it looks neat 	UNK
fights 	UNK
is meaningless , vapid and devoid 	UNK
it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him 	UNK
aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash 	UNK
what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors 	UNK
the scarifying 	UNK
it 's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth . 	UNK
strongly 	UNK
first mistake 	UNK
needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese 	UNK
'' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . 	UNK
this broken character study 	UNK
sensitive , cultivated treatment 	UNK
torture and 	UNK
seagal 	UNK
little more than routine 	UNK
both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one 	UNK
shockers since the evil dead 	UNK
spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest the mummy returns 	UNK
the movie 's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity 	UNK
's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss . 	UNK
of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them 	UNK
does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen . 	UNK
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure 	UNK
... an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle . 	UNK
, an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 . '' 	UNK
to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers 	UNK
the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy 	UNK
to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama 	UNK
comes along every day 	UNK
always entertaining , 	UNK
a good natured warning 	UNK
succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing 	UNK
a fascinating part of theater history 	UNK
understandable 	UNK
feel-good movie 	UNK
a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title 	UNK
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic 	UNK
a much better documentary 	UNK
's pretty stupid 	UNK
acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni 	UNK
if the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out . 	UNK
prevent its tragic waste of life 	UNK
the performances are uniformly good . 	UNK
the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings 	UNK
the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . 	UNK
blood work is for you . 	UNK
into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters 	UNK
confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema . 	UNK
at times uncommonly moving 	UNK
helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats 	UNK
the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative 	UNK
art-house to the core , read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema . 	UNK
moved by this drama 	UNK
survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine 	UNK
richly detailed 	UNK
'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense . 	UNK
simple title 	UNK
sewer rats 	UNK
the nonstop artifice 	UNK
i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it 	UNK
by characters who are nearly impossible to care about 	UNK
an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie 	UNK
in the pile of useless actioners 	UNK
coupled with pitch-perfect acting 	UNK
is a dud 	UNK
more chaotic than entertaining 	UNK
in its courageousness , and comedic employment 	UNK
guessing at almost every turn 	UNK
interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen 	UNK
offensive and 	UNK
that never quite gel 	UNK
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered 	UNK
if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us 	UNK
winning flight of revisionist fancy 	UNK
most ingenious 	UNK
maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension 	UNK
of inexcusable dumb innocence 	UNK
bliss 	UNK
happily 	UNK
- greaseballs mob action-comedy . 	UNK
much about the ownership and redefinition of myth 	UNK
too-conscientious 	UNK
illustrated by a winning family story . 	UNK
y tu mamá también is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt . 	UNK
are puerile 	UNK
a strong education and 	UNK
where the upbeat ending feels like a copout 	UNK
deeply absorbing 	UNK
flawless film , 	UNK
of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival 	UNK
's also disappointing to a certain degree 	UNK
super-stupid 	UNK
an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating . 	UNK
is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair 	UNK
though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see . 	UNK
my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss . 	UNK
blacked out 	UNK
e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades . 	UNK
there 's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles . 	UNK
this romantic comedy 	UNK
includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' 	UNK
with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic 	UNK
for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge 	UNK
it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling . 	UNK
light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat . 	UNK
is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	UNK
gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years . 	UNK
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing . 	UNK
engagingly 	UNK
honest working man john q. archibald , 	UNK
offbeat thriller 	UNK
warm 	UNK
into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes 	UNK
showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything 	UNK
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... 	UNK
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill . 	UNK
missed opportunities . 	UNK
see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles 	UNK
rewards 	UNK
to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	UNK
low-budget constraints 	UNK
are fantastic . 	UNK
the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable 	UNK
emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine 	UNK
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience . 	UNK
utterly pointless 	UNK
far too sentimental 	UNK
at 90 minutes this movie is short 	UNK
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and 	UNK
is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a love story as sanguine as its title . 	UNK
is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time 	UNK
tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham . 	UNK
what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script 	UNK
elevate 	UNK
ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving 	UNK
is as delightful 	UNK
cheap-shot mediocrity 	UNK
the balance between the fantastic and the believable 	UNK
there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all 	UNK
derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone . 	UNK
an even less capable trio 	UNK
affirm 	UNK
's willing to express his convictions 	UNK
rare window 	UNK
warm and exotic . 	UNK
mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant . 	UNK
brings the proper conviction 	UNK
goes downhill . 	UNK
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , 	UNK
nothing i had n't already seen . 	UNK
but fun . 	UNK
better films 	UNK
a stock plot 	UNK
ugly , pointless , stupid 	UNK
hell 	UNK
be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 	UNK
about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera 	UNK
for human connection 	UNK
quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin 	UNK
as earnest as a community-college advertisement 	UNK
the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian 	UNK
into a gentle waking coma 	UNK
low-budget filmmaking 	UNK
has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship 	UNK
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... but 	UNK
puzzle his most ardent fans 	UNK
fill the after-school slot 	UNK
this film 's impressive performances and adept direction 	UNK
an attention to detail 	UNK
considerable skill and determination , 	UNK
mainstream hollywood 	UNK
masterpiece . 	UNK
i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet . 	UNK
a tv episode rather than a documentary 	UNK
do n't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action . 	UNK
is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery . 	UNK
grumble 	UNK
, it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . 	UNK
to consider the looseness of the piece 	UNK
no entertainment value 	UNK
would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 	UNK
are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before 	UNK
comes together as a coherent whole 	UNK
great shame 	UNK
thought it was going to be 	UNK
depressing , ruthlessly pained 	UNK
have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart 	UNK
the script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off . 	UNK
a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time 	UNK
adam watstein with finishing it at all 	UNK
naturally dramatic 	UNK
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth . 	UNK
the performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times . 	UNK
's a shame 	UNK
audience falls asleep 	UNK
bledel 	UNK
concession stand and/or restroom 	UNK
best of all 	UNK
with a life-affirming message 	UNK
dough from baby boomer families 	UNK
that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory 	UNK
the only thing that distinguishes a randall wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film . 	UNK
almost bergmanesque intensity 	UNK
thoughtlessly 	UNK
that already knows it 's won 	UNK
is a successful one . 	UNK
yes , ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' . 	UNK
could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture 	UNK
the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart 	UNK
with lots of laughs 	UNK
tortured and 	UNK
a con artist and 	UNK
a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films 	UNK
wild , endearing , masterful 	UNK
realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion 	UNK
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why ? 	UNK
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin . 	UNK
how far herzog has fallen 	UNK
are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude 	UNK
, iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce . 	UNK
're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you 	UNK
it 's just too dry and too placid 	UNK
this man so watchable 	UNK
signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype . 	UNK
really work 	UNK
creative interference 	UNK
seduce and conquer 	UNK
as inspiring 	UNK
oscar-winning 	UNK
too eager to please 	UNK
well-directed and , for all its moodiness , 	UNK
firing on all cylinders 	UNK
get at something 	UNK
, eight legged freaks is prime escapist fare . 	UNK
( danny huston gives ) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk . 	UNK
an epiphany 	UNK
the reefs 	UNK
, singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn . 	UNK
is this so boring ? 	UNK
fierce competition 	UNK
the players do n't have a clue on the park . 	UNK
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- 	UNK
in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine 	UNK
honestly nice 	UNK
a besotted and obvious drama 	UNK
engaging and intimate first feature 	UNK
comforting fantasies 	UNK
your senses are as mushy as peas 	UNK
( macdowell ) ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is . 	UNK
particularly memorable or even all that funny 	UNK
and likeable characters 	UNK
their super-dooper-adorability intact 	UNK
a lighthearted glow 	UNK
a grand fart 	UNK
steven shainberg 's adaptation of mary gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . 	UNK
sly female empowerment movie 	UNK
crummy . 	UNK
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters 	UNK
it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh 	UNK
at once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious . 	UNK
it 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat . 	UNK
, really stupid 	UNK
the multi-layers of its characters 	UNK
uninspired . 	UNK
is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues . 	UNK
why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery 	UNK
no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch . 	UNK
intoxicating atmosphere 	UNK
overall feelings , broader ideas 	UNK
a well-deserved reputation as one 	UNK
searching for its identity 	UNK
is about grief 	UNK
is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band 	UNK
is heartfelt and hilarious 	UNK
are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script 	UNK
does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes . 	UNK
excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts 	UNK
as in the songs translate well to film 	UNK
benefits from serendipity 	UNK
in a very real and amusing give-and-take 	UNK
does feel like a short stretched out to feature length . 	UNK
suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected . 	UNK
, smartly played and smartly directed . 	UNK
to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter 	UNK
detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie 	UNK
that will amuse or entertain them 	UNK
a great movie 	UNK
a stunning fusion of music and images 	UNK
their lives , loves and the art 	UNK
satisfying kids flck 	UNK
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity . 	UNK
sweeping and gliding 	UNK
both charming 	UNK
is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight 	UNK
is a refreshingly forthright one 	UNK
a little scattered -- ditsy 	UNK
predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing 	UNK
lust 	UNK
the pristine camerawork 	UNK
satisfies , 	UNK
excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins 	UNK
conjures a lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of middle america 	UNK
because we 've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed 	UNK
jackass '' fan 	UNK
moonlight mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things . 	UNK
the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade 	UNK
from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , martin is a masterfully conducted work . 	UNK
barely tolerable slog 	UNK
it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face . 	UNK
it plays everything too safe 	UNK
everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays . 	UNK
the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy 	UNK
engrossing and different 	UNK
will enjoy themselves . 	UNK
part of the fun 	UNK
's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar 	UNK
super-dooper-adorability 	UNK
, racist humor 	UNK
the legendary wit 's 	UNK
an ounce of honest poetry 	UNK
it 's worth seeing 	UNK
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- 	UNK
... a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . ' 	UNK
i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise . 	UNK
the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film 	UNK
the russian word for wow !? ' 	UNK
does an established filmmaker 	UNK
a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , 	UNK
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , 	UNK
lame entertainment 	UNK
took of the family vacation 	UNK
director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline 	UNK
she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit . 	UNK
eager fans 	UNK
's a movie that gets under your skin 	UNK
wastes its time on mood rather than 	UNK
a love song to the movies 	UNK
as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson 	UNK
it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose 	UNK
life-embracing 	UNK
hastily and amateurishly 	UNK
by the full monty 	UNK
her most charmless 	UNK
for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats 	UNK
profane and exploitative 	UNK
seemed bored 	UNK
ca n't help but feel ` stoked 	UNK
has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence . 	UNK
a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety 	UNK
a smug and convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie . 	UNK
the occasional bursts of sharp writing 	UNK
bottomlessly cynical 	UNK
can sound so dull 	UNK
of quiet desperation 	UNK
intolerable levels 	UNK
feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids 	UNK
have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood 	UNK
wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture 	UNK
truly gorgeous 	UNK
entirely witless and inane 	UNK
dying and 	UNK
intacto 's luckiest stroke 	UNK
barely defensible sexual violence 	UNK
the graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real . 	UNK
cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end 	UNK
succumbing to its own bathos 	UNK
funny and human and really 	UNK
critically insightful 	UNK
vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role . 	UNK
in a fresh way 	UNK
a successful adaptation and 	UNK
good performances 	UNK
totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe 	UNK
us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced 	UNK
genuinely funny ensemble 	UNK
an enjoyable film 	UNK
is funny , charming and quirky 	UNK
intelligent , and 	UNK
are uniformly good 	UNK
australia : land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place . 	UNK
work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house 	UNK
a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud 	UNK
truly magical 	UNK
the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then 	UNK
straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company . 	UNK
, mean-spirited lashing 	UNK
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors 	UNK
the pratfalls but little else 	UNK
could fail to crack a smile at 	UNK
biggest 	UNK
energetic , violent movie 	UNK
, the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing . 	UNK
frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women . 	UNK
that lacks juice and delight 	UNK
funny without hitting below the belt 	UNK
pristine camerawork 	UNK
you can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed . 	UNK
top-notch cast 	UNK
it 's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team . 	UNK
about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days 	UNK
wang xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men . 	UNK
fruitful 	UNK
the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here 	UNK
an original and highly cerebral examination 	UNK
an emotional edge 	UNK
inventive directors 	UNK
directed with verve 	UNK
babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 	UNK
is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit . 	UNK
is that its own action is n't very effective . 	UNK
my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it . 	UNK
oddly 	UNK
looks elsewhere 	UNK
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway 	UNK
perfectly executed and 	UNK
this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama 	UNK
a rejected x-files episode 	UNK
keenest pleasures 	UNK
the power of poetry and passion 	UNK
horrors ! ) 	UNK
a great time 	UNK
compulsively watchable 	UNK
was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 	UNK
an attraction that crosses sexual identity 	UNK
lagaan really is enormously good fun . 	UNK
the structure is simple , but in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings . 	UNK
to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch 	UNK
one good one 	UNK
find a ` literary ' filmmaking style 	UNK
aliens and 	UNK
offensive , puerile and 	UNK
empty , fetishistic violence 	UNK
this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults . 	UNK
wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars 	UNK
the boat loads of people who try to escape the country 	UNK
some of the unsung heroes of 20th century 	UNK
nearly as dreadful as expected 	UNK
its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering 	UNK
made him feel powerful 	UNK
sappy script 	UNK
uni-dimensional nonsense machine 	UNK
would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary . 	UNK
, leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects . 	UNK
its spirit of iconoclastic abandon 	UNK
the thousands of americans who die hideously 	UNK
a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude 	UNK
the delicious pulpiness 	UNK
the preaching message 	UNK
is n't the most edgy piece of disney animation 	UNK
makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks . 	UNK
nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams . 	UNK
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust . 	UNK
dubious 	UNK
its utter sincerity 	UNK
... continue to impress 	UNK
davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy . 	UNK
is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why . 	UNK
sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer 	UNK
a too-conscientious adaptation 	UNK
for historical truth and realism 	UNK
a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential 	UNK
it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` look at this ! 	UNK
loud , chaotic and largely unfunny 	UNK
one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage 	UNK
a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny 	UNK
sitting through dahmer 's two hours 	UNK
a gleefully grungy 	UNK
noble end 	UNK
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i 'm all for that 	UNK
we call the ` wow ' factor 	UNK
eating , sleeping and stress-reducing 	UNK
the paper-thin characterizations and 	UNK
lively songs 	UNK
stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and 	UNK
wasted in it 	UNK
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but 	UNK
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare 	UNK
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives 	UNK
show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting 	UNK
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys 	UNK
's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring . 	UNK
inside unnecessary films 	UNK
problematic script 	UNK
pretty good overall picture 	UNK
for one of the worst movies of one year 	UNK
that trademark grin of his -- 	UNK
far less endearing 	UNK
, incomprehensible , vicious and absurd 	UNK
an enjoyably 	UNK
revenge , and romance 	UNK
derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining 	UNK
the most awful acts are committed 	UNK
elusive , yet inexplicably 	UNK
inexpressive 	UNK
being snared in its own tangled plot 	UNK
impenetrable and 	UNK
who die hideously 	UNK
plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations 	UNK
like any good romance , son of the bride , proves it 's never too late to learn . 	UNK
what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance . 	UNK
transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film 	UNK
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , 	UNK
lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them 	UNK
just more of the same , 	UNK
the acting is amateurish 	UNK
profound 	UNK
something really good 	UNK
into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear 	UNK
sing beautifully and act adequately 	UNK
metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story 	UNK
i ca n't recommend it . 	UNK
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive . 	UNK
is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable 	UNK
an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention 	UNK
credible 	UNK
good , organic character work 	UNK
director paul cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach 	UNK
a dreary tract 	UNK
a balanced film 	UNK
mixed messages , 	UNK
falls into the trap of pretention 	UNK
suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman 	UNK
's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated 	UNK
neighborhood 	UNK
, the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy . 	UNK
guide a loose , poorly structured film 	UNK
the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances . 	UNK
wewannour money back , actually 	UNK
the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less . 	UNK
grant 's two best films 	UNK
, the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods . 	UNK
has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have 	UNK
one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes 	UNK
of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year 	UNK
through its hackneyed elements 	UNK
sketchy but nevertheless 	UNK
bracing 	UNK
offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject 	UNK
benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth 	UNK
labors as storytelling . 	UNK
understands how to create and sustain a mood 	UNK
an enthralling , 	UNK
hailed 	UNK
a gorgeous pair 	UNK
far-flung , illogical 	UNK
from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast 	UNK
flavorless 	UNK
the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 	UNK
particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , 	UNK
at once laughable 	UNK
a successful career in tv 	UNK
evolved from star to superstar 	UNK
is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn . 	UNK
animated drivel 	UNK
the rest of us will be lulled into a coma . 	UNK
no wit , 	UNK
, much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing . 	UNK
like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break 	UNK
a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget . 	UNK
a remarkable piece of filmmaking 	UNK
be very sweet indeed 	UNK
applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line 	UNK
uncanny 	UNK
virtually absent 	UNK
dumb gags , 	UNK
's too long 	UNK
loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them 	UNK
are in place for a great film noir 	UNK
the past 20 minutes looking at your watch 	UNK
have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material 	UNK
is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth . 	UNK
as bad 	UNK
something vital 	UNK
style massacres erupt throughout 	UNK
full of holes and completely lacking in chills 	UNK
come to term an `` ambitious failure 	UNK
its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) 	UNK
the greatest films 	UNK
is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy . 	UNK
to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up 	UNK
assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear 	UNK
strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency . 	UNK
remains fairly light , 	UNK
spiritual 	UNK
creative 	UNK
no reason to exist 	UNK
romance 	UNK
instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair 	UNK
of beautiful movement and inside information 	UNK
while not quite `` shrek '' or `` monsters , inc. '' , it 's not too bad . 	UNK
the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge . 	UNK
stupid 	UNK
it 's an entertaining movie , 	UNK
... the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ... 	UNK
silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another 	UNK
the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit 	UNK
tight and nasty 	UNK
modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare . 	UNK
john hughes comedy 	UNK
that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out 	UNK
is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life . 	UNK
literary desecrations 	UNK
horribly depressing and not very well done 	UNK
ever-growing category 	UNK
emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook 	UNK
got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem 	UNK
maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies 	UNK
, groan and hiss 	UNK
tries to be smart 	UNK
uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea 	UNK
like a fish that 's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places . 	UNK
too clichéd 	UNK
generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal 	UNK
does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre . 	UNK
what a film can be 	UNK
sweet-tempered comedy 	UNK
relegated to the background -- a welcome step 	UNK
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time 	UNK
after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans . 	UNK
the film 's highlight 	UNK
outside the under-10 set 	UNK
is deeply concerned with morality 	UNK
his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses 	UNK
naipaul original 	UNK
full of itself 	UNK
, storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket . 	UNK
of a good time for both children and parents 	UNK
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and 	UNK
ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going 	UNK
, songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time . 	UNK
a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience 	UNK
sudsy 	UNK
some kid who ca n't act , only 	UNK
'' or `` suck '' 	UNK
crisper and 	UNK
be wholesome and subversive at the same time 	UNK
lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison 	UNK
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but 	UNK
a strong directorial stamp 	UNK
although what time offers tsai 's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films . 	UNK
sooooo tired 	UNK
the thrill of the chill 	UNK
an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture 	UNK
imagine having more fun watching a documentary 	UNK
a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart 	UNK
blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves . 	UNK
, de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season . 	UNK
best movies 	UNK
but this time , the old mib label stands for milder is n't better . 	UNK
is simple but absorbing 	UNK
victor rosa is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance . 	UNK
one of cinema 's directorial giants 	UNK
subscriber 	UNK
that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously 	UNK
reassuring manner 	UNK
always entertaining , and 	UNK
are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed . 	UNK
poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter . 	UNK
cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release 	UNK
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , 	UNK
energizes 	UNK
busy 	UNK
wild comedy 	UNK
fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera 	UNK
flashes of warmth and gentle humor 	UNK
juvenile 	UNK
to an aimless hodgepodge 	UNK
wasted 	UNK
as the shabby digital photography 	UNK
founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women 	UNK
with the ferocity of a frozen burrito 	UNK
of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience 	UNK
into something provocative , rich , and strange 	UNK
, red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller . 	UNK
have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up 	UNK
has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop 	UNK
a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans 	UNK
molestation 	UNK
watch , giggle and 	UNK
it all unfolds predictably , 	UNK
favored 	UNK
to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies 	UNK
the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards 	UNK
woven together skilfully 	UNK
the big-screen scooby 	UNK
is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt 	UNK
there 's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action . 	UNK
's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain 	UNK
the film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting . 	UNK
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny 	UNK
descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured 	UNK
captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse 	UNK
the self-destructiveness of many young people 	UNK
eloquent 	UNK
features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances 	UNK
are canny and spiced with irony 	UNK
the charm of the first movie 	UNK
well made but uninvolving , bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery . 	UNK
a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 	UNK
a dazzling conceptual feat 	UNK
even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts 	UNK
it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults 	UNK
an enthralling , entertaining feature . 	UNK
drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster 	UNK
sour attempt 	UNK
the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm . 	UNK
this slight premise 	UNK
a moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama 	UNK
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible 	UNK
as good as the original 	UNK
sex and lucia is so alluring 	UNK
with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication 	UNK
succumbs to sensationalism 	UNK
i ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out . 	UNK
south park 	UNK
that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves 	UNK
a charming but slight comedy 	UNK
woefully pretentious . 	UNK
peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about 	UNK
is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring 	UNK
disappointing 	UNK
the movie is a mess from start to finish . 	UNK
monotone narration 	UNK
enamored 	UNK
seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes 	UNK
slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks 	UNK
few movies are able to accomplish 	UNK
with its moving story 	UNK
too harsh 	UNK
sillier , cuter , and 	UNK
loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful 	UNK
ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important 	UNK
the charm of kevin kline and 	UNK
it 's all quite tasteful to look at 	UNK
equal laughs 	UNK
would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor 	UNK
a bid to hold our attention 	UNK
a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from 	UNK
maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again . 	UNK
give performances of exceptional honesty . 	UNK
beauty to behold 	UNK
vivid as the 19th-century ones 	UNK
plays like some corny television 	UNK
darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats . 	UNK
of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics 	UNK
boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , 	UNK
believability was n't one of the film 's virtues . 	UNK
something both ugly and mindless 	UNK
this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies 	UNK
unreachable 	UNK
minor miracle 	UNK
boobs 	UNK
its creator 's comic voice 	UNK
that have become a spielberg trademark 	UNK
this movie got me grinning . 	UNK
is a distinct rarity , and an event . 	UNK
sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell 	UNK
which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal 	UNK
a beautiful , entertaining two hours 	UNK
astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap . 	UNK
lasting traces 	UNK
... digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations . 	UNK
's just too dry and too placid 	UNK
carrying off a spot-on scottish burr 	UNK
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ... 	UNK
become a major-league leading lady 	UNK
too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen 	UNK
the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest 	UNK
stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness 	UNK
smarter 	UNK
bring off this wild welsh whimsy . 	UNK
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , 	UNK
stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory . 	UNK
wonderful , ghastly 	UNK
given it a one-star rating 	UNK
ruthlessly pained 	UNK
never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs 	UNK
is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie 	UNK
worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham 	UNK
expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street . 	UNK
will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . 	UNK
pull it back 	UNK
a bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale . 	UNK
almost every single facet of production 	UNK
the acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans . 	UNK
psychologically savvy 	UNK
, some of it is honestly affecting 	UNK
victim to sloppy plotting 	UNK
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire . 	UNK
unexpected twists 	UNK
neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition 	UNK
strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve 	UNK
so vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt . 	UNK
drowning 's too good for this sucker . 	UNK
so gracefully 	UNK
carries it to unexpected heights 	UNK
are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film 	UNK
become a historically significant work 	UNK
slightly unfulfilled 	UNK
teeny-bopper set 	UNK
a black comedy , 	UNK
a lovably old-school hollywood confection 	UNK
what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics 	UNK
win you over , 	UNK
and communicates something 	UNK
's hard to resist his enthusiasm , 	UNK
real turns 	UNK
when they see the joy the characters take in this creed 	UNK
worthless 	UNK
forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves 	UNK
a terrific date movie 	UNK
smart , sassy 	UNK
seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good 	UNK
is definitely worth seeing 	UNK
an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor . 	UNK
is one baaaaaaaaad movie 	UNK
naked teenagers horror flick 	UNK
texture and realism 	UNK
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real 	UNK
ca n't quite live up to it 	UNK
finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice 	UNK
while the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull , rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative . 	UNK
acting horribly 	UNK
all-night 	UNK
will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again . 	UNK
is just such an achievement 	UNK
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` the addams family '' to everyone looking in ... `` my big fat greek wedding '' comes from the heart ... 	UNK
's truly deserving of its oscar nomination 	UNK
most depressing 	UNK
could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films . 	UNK
a fish that 's lived too long 	UNK
the small , human moments 	UNK
of the tooth and claw of human power 	UNK
a gentle waking coma 	UNK
although i did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either . 	UNK
paved with good intentions leads to the video store '' 	UNK
one of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears . 	UNK
the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection 	UNK
is a real charmer . 	UNK
the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady 	UNK
like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form . 	UNK
opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it 	UNK
the bottom tier 	UNK
may well 	UNK
its pulpy core conceit 	UNK
assaultive 	UNK
with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut 	UNK
strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo 	UNK
obvious 	UNK
the first bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun . 	UNK
gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington 	UNK
resourceful 	UNK
yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i did n't . 	UNK
worse , 	UNK
his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery 	UNK
it sucked . 	UNK
for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . 	UNK
this movie sucks . ' 	UNK
is just an overexposed waste of film 	UNK
wives are worse 	UNK
sucked 	UNK
pointless meditation 	UNK
flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch 	UNK
wickedly funny 	UNK
wonderful subject 	UNK
gentle film 	UNK
nowhere fast 	UNK
to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 	UNK
its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action 	UNK
will lead when given the opportunity 	UNK
worst excesses 	UNK
got a house full of tots -- do n't worry 	UNK
try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there . 	UNK
also has many of the things that made the first one charming . 	UNK
're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular 	UNK
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer 	UNK
it 's tough to watch , 	UNK
huge mess 	UNK
very well-written and very well-acted 	UNK
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works 	UNK
predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king . 	UNK
zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos 	UNK
engages 	UNK
's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad 	UNK
pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia 	UNK
make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season . 	UNK
an actual vietnam war combat movie 	UNK
retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie 	UNK
to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it 	UNK
numbing 	UNK
a first-class road movie that proves you 	UNK
it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor 	UNK
a slap-happy series 	UNK
to rank with its worthy predecessors 	UNK
much of what we see is horrible 	UNK
the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations 	UNK
in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol 	UNK
a stand in favor of tradition and warmth 	UNK
suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters 	UNK
the most interesting writer/directors 	UNK
would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art 	UNK
enhances the personal touch of manual animation 	UNK
give it a marginal thumbs up 	UNK
the film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority . 	UNK
's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies 	UNK
featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore . 	UNK
foolish choices for advice 	UNK
old-hat province 	UNK
bottom-of-the-bill 	UNK
its questionable satirical ambivalence 	UNK
the plot is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults . 	UNK
niches 	UNK
are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation 	UNK
be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals 	UNK
enjoyable 	UNK
powerful , naturally dramatic piece 	UNK
too loud , too goofy and 	UNK
take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera . 	UNK
a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding 	UNK
the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea . 	UNK
the sick sense 	UNK
fat 	UNK
with good intentions 	UNK
is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise 	UNK
not mean-spirited 	UNK
black hawk down and we 	UNK
too campy to work as straight drama and 	UNK
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it . 	UNK
sophisticated in the worst way 	UNK
a likable story 	UNK
exceedingly 	UNK
vapid and 	UNK
while the last metro ) was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history . 	UNK
are breathtaking 	UNK
is no substitute for on-screen chemistry 	UNK
a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor . 	UNK
often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication 	UNK
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated 	UNK
like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle 	UNK
these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective 	UNK
cold , calculated exercise 	UNK
build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman 	UNK
's gone to manhattan and hell 	UNK
may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness 	UNK
... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . 	UNK
the flat dialogue 	UNK
also nice 	UNK
is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own . 	UNK
's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal 	UNK
sillier , cuter 	UNK
is hard to care 	UNK
sorriest 	UNK
animation enthusiasts of all ages 	UNK
a rather brilliant little cult item 	UNK
an intense and effective film 	UNK
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , 	UNK
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots 	UNK
the world 's best actors , 	UNK
neo-augustinian theology : is god 	UNK
really funny 	UNK
a laughable -- 	UNK
shortcomings 	UNK
thrills , too many flashbacks and 	UNK
it 's an entertaining movie 	UNK
the film 's cheeky charm 	UNK
scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky . 	UNK
lead a group of talented friends 	UNK
the grade as tawdry trash 	UNK
the things that made the first one charming 	UNK
serving sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it . 	UNK
way to entertain or inspire its viewers 	UNK
the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent 	UNK
stale and clichéd to a fault 	UNK
crafted import 	UNK
to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage 	UNK
fascinating character study 	UNK
xerox of other , better crime movies 	UNK
, pointless , stupid 	UNK
lacking 	UNK
nationwide blight 	UNK
a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture . 	UNK
charming in comedies like american pie and 	UNK
very interesting and 	UNK
a technical triumph and an extraordinary bore . 	UNK
powerful , inflammatory film 	UNK
lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material 	UNK
spare dialogue and 	UNK
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight 	UNK
beginning with the pale script 	UNK
's just brilliant in this . 	UNK
have tremendous chemistry 	UNK
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and 	UNK
of a been-there , done-that sameness 	UNK
nails hard - 	UNK
moves between heartbreak and rebellion 	UNK
's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening 	UNK
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film 	UNK
, the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players . 	UNK
the salton sea has moments of inspired humor , though every scrap is of the darkest variety . 	UNK
eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . 	UNK
has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection 	UNK
offer some modest amusements 	UNK
bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy 	UNK
that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 	UNK
through some of clancy 's holes 	UNK
is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky 	UNK
but they fascinate in their recklessness . 	UNK
a modestly surprising movie 	UNK
's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . 	UNK
seem genuine rather than pandering 	UNK
offers hope 	UNK
in its splendor 	UNK
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace . 	UNK
his best screen 	UNK
have . 	UNK
falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions 	UNK
with its subjects 	UNK
give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) 	UNK
the utter authority of a genre gem 	UNK
it 's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary . 	UNK
illuminating study 	UNK
pat storylines 	UNK
their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact 	UNK
black urban professionals 	UNK
to induce sleep than fright 	UNK
utter loss 	UNK
light the candles , bring out the cake 	UNK
out-of-kilter character 	UNK
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids . 	UNK
standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull 	UNK
's as good 	UNK
is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us 	UNK
general boorishness 	UNK
would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd 	UNK
to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life 	UNK
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , 	UNK
superficial characters 	UNK
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does . 	UNK
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five . 	UNK
mostly believable 	UNK
stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage 	UNK
concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn 	UNK
love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre . 	UNK
powerful and satisfying 	UNK
uneven performances and 	UNK
its compassionate spirit 	UNK
very little story or character 	UNK
have rarely seen 	UNK
, heartwarming film 	UNK
a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime 	UNK
damon brings the proper conviction to his role as ( jason bourne ) . 	UNK
is not it 	UNK
hold dear about cinema , 	UNK
is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense 	UNK
is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events 	UNK
the kind of obnoxious 	UNK
has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos 	UNK
uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth 	UNK
reopens an interesting controversy and 	UNK
exciting new filmmaker 	UNK
really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets 	UNK
whether or not you 're enlightened by any of derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow . 	UNK
death to smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito 's misanthropic vision 	UNK
magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , 	UNK
action-packed an experience 	UNK
cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression . 	UNK
a feat 	UNK
`` catch me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark . 	UNK
michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal 	UNK
find anything to get excited about on this dvd 	UNK
mishmash . 	UNK
i still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned . 	UNK
, i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop 	UNK
it does n't make for great cinema 	UNK
also seems to play on a 10-year delay 	UNK
its director 's most substantial feature for some time . 	UNK
the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster 	UNK
of loss 	UNK
a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message . 	UNK
there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour 	UNK
sentimental chick-flicks 	UNK
is , quite pointedly , 	UNK
addition to scoring high for originality of plot 	UNK
holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers 	UNK
measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller . 	UNK
sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams . 	UNK
is instructive 	UNK
is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep 	UNK
is out of his league 	UNK
wildly incompetent 	UNK
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , 	UNK
just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded 	UNK
a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion 	UNK
the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill 	UNK
uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization 	UNK
the mood for an intelligent weepy 	UNK
take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story 	UNK
mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense 	UNK
duvall 's throbbing sincerity and 	UNK
a film in a class with spike lee 's masterful do the right thing . 	UNK
smoother 	UNK
this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists 	UNK
that grips and holds you in rapt attention from 	UNK
been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout 	UNK
sickening product placement 	UNK
simply intrusive 	UNK
he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor 	UNK
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' and i do n't mean that in a good way 	UNK
to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us 	UNK
if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure 	UNK
a story about intelligent high school 	UNK
finely crafted 	UNK
fails on its own 	UNK
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 	UNK
be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable 	UNK
's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon 	UNK
distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up 	UNK
yet , it still works . 	UNK
has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil 	UNK
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp 	UNK
extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability . 	UNK
, sorrow , laugther , and tears 	UNK
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before 	UNK
yet depressing 	UNK
time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it 	UNK
is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same 	UNK
transforms one of ( shakespeare 's ) deepest tragedies 	UNK
expected it to be 	UNK
need to try very hard 	UNK
benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing 	UNK
talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate 	UNK
gets drawn into the party . 	UNK
just dreadful 	UNK
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) 	UNK
does her best 	UNK
both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded . 	UNK
a lot of stamina and vitality 	UNK
it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but 	UNK
as the scruffy sands of its titular community 	UNK
seeing himself in the other , 	UNK
evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits 	UNK
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper 	UNK
does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously 	UNK
its ability to shock and amaze 	UNK
make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore 	UNK
quite a comedy nor 	UNK
of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name 	UNK
a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places 	UNK
cleverly constructed scenario 	UNK
consumed by lust and love 	UNK
has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . 	UNK
unoriginal run 	UNK
, it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at . 	UNK
fascinating documentary 	UNK
gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels 	UNK
, often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy 	UNK
is a good one 	UNK
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers 	UNK
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation 	UNK
a film that suffers because of its many excesses . 	UNK
a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe . 	UNK
is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract . 	UNK
was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal 	UNK
nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows . 	UNK
the end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump . 	UNK
of the best looking and stylish 	UNK
little fuss or noise 	UNK
like a change in ( herzog 's ) personal policy than a half-hearted fluke . 	UNK
a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough 	UNK
visual hideousness 	UNK
a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition 	UNK
who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach 	UNK
the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality . 	UNK
leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated 	UNK
of you-are-there immediacy 	UNK
sterling ensemble cast 	UNK
a charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface . 	UNK
reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success . 	UNK
up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah 	UNK
has usually 	UNK
show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck . 	UNK
's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos 	UNK
holocaust escape story 	UNK
seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory . 	UNK
a good yarn 	UNK
more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air 	UNK
, the effect comes off as self-parody . 	UNK
it counts heart as important as humor 	UNK
a touching drama about old age and grief 	UNK
lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context 	UNK
too loud , too goofy and too short 	UNK
it 's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts . 	UNK
work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon 	UNK
the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 	UNK
a rather toothless take 	UNK
it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should . 	UNK
addition to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic 	UNK
does a disservice to the audience and to the genre 	UNK
there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening . 	UNK
treats us to an aimless hodgepodge 	UNK
of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film 	UNK
picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film 	UNK
a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light 	UNK
is surprisingly refreshing 	UNK
is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story 	UNK
can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down 	UNK
laughs at how clever it 's being . 	UNK
about issues most adults have to face in marriage 	UNK
a coherent rhythm going 	UNK
a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre 	UNK
stabs 	UNK
and artistically inept 	UNK
one-of-a-kind work 	UNK
happy hour 	UNK
's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni . 	UNK
a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues 	UNK
could have been crisper and punchier , 	UNK
sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time 	UNK
the cinematic equivalent of high humidity 	UNK
completely honest , open-hearted film 	UNK
take notice 	UNK
( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh . 	UNK
plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up 	UNK
( t ) he film is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation . 	UNK
the intentionally low standards 	UNK
as often imaginative 	UNK
those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness 	UNK
a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded 	UNK
laziest 	UNK
a true-blue delight . 	UNK
writer-director ritchie reduces wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon . 	UNK
marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich 	UNK
are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks 	UNK
's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal 	UNK
overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption 	UNK
fresh , entertaining comedy 	UNK
with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies . 	UNK
never change . 	UNK
with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships 	UNK
will have a great time 	UNK
, slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . 	UNK
intelligent 	UNK
's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family 	UNK
candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand 	UNK
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... 	UNK
back-stabbing , inter-racial desire 	UNK
are nowhere near 	UNK
ended up in a movie this bad 	UNK
somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama . 	UNK
a weirdly beautiful place 	UNK
offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing . 	UNK
the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues . 	UNK
i liked about schmidt a lot , 	UNK
does n't work as either . 	UNK
low-budget affair 	UNK
that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady 	UNK
unaware 	UNK
contrived situations 	UNK
have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy 	UNK
spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together . 	UNK
surehanded direction 	UNK
very slow , uneventful 	UNK
in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is 	UNK
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead . 	UNK
style and mystification 	UNK
skunk 	UNK
brosnan 's finest non-bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . 	UNK
forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore . 	UNK
sophisticated and 	UNK
an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller . 	UNK
in a more ambitious movie 	UNK
cliched dialogue 	UNK
the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed . 	UNK
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is 	UNK
is n't nearly as funny 	UNK
humorous and 	UNK
her considerable talents 	UNK
lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . 	UNK
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . 	UNK
is barely an hour long . 	UNK
riveted 	UNK
muck 	UNK
a far bigger , far more meaningful story 	UNK
a complex psychological drama 	UNK
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and 	UNK
all excited about a chocolate eclair 	UNK
will be lulled into a coma . 	UNK
dumb , narratively chaotic 	UNK
a sense of real magic , perhaps . 	UNK
breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry 	UNK
gaining most of its unsettling force 	UNK
dead-end distaste 	UNK
wonderfully 	UNK
this ill-conceived and expensive project 	UNK
cross between xxx and vertical limit . 	UNK
funny , subtle , and resonant 	UNK
exhausted 	UNK
of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics 	UNK
thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time 	UNK
invulnerable as its trademark villain 	UNK
is about something very interesting and odd that 	UNK
of the credit for the film 's winning tone 	UNK
best and most mature 	UNK
described as a ghost story gone badly awry 	UNK
insightfully written , delicately performed 	UNK
interest onscreen 	UNK
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary 	UNK
a dreadful day in irish history 	UNK
conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny 	UNK
it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual 	UNK
worked better as a one-hour tv documentary 	UNK
is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience 	UNK
that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast 	UNK
the ideas tie together beautifully 	UNK
quite a nosedive 	UNK
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but 	UNK
a splendid meal 	UNK
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen 	UNK
is a gem 	UNK
bad in a major movie 	UNK
come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music 	UNK
, it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise . 	UNK
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but 	UNK
you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but 	UNK
hilarious 	UNK
all seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk . 	UNK
, light treat 	UNK
also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes 	UNK
its lack of purpose 	UNK
adolescents will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . ' 	UNK
places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective 	UNK
a selection of scenes in search of a movie 	UNK
less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations 	UNK
meshes in this elegant entertainment 	UNK
're burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol 	UNK
promising 	UNK
seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow 	UNK
the all-too-familiar dramatic arc 	UNK
anchored by splendid performances 	UNK
just a bunch of good actors 	UNK
of attraction and interdependence 	UNK
what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film . 	UNK
the gorgeously elaborate continuation 	UNK
fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film . 	UNK
else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie 	UNK
is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks 	UNK
mundane 	UNK
sinister happy ending 	UNK
all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters 	UNK
a hilarious place to visit 	UNK
the engaging , 	UNK
entertaining comedy 	UNK
britney spears ' phoniness 	UNK
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump 	UNK
the film has an infectious enthusiasm 	UNK
is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out 	UNK
seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business 	UNK
of awakening and ripening 	UNK
made eddie murphy a movie star and the man 	UNK
what it was that made the story relevant in the first place 	UNK
, at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . 	UNK
stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it 	UNK
walt becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons . 	UNK
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project 	UNK
good , sonny 	UNK
the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm 	UNK
hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism 	UNK
delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride 	UNK
one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and 	UNK
-- not the first , by the way -- 	UNK
, the director 's experiment is a successful one . 	UNK
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue . 	UNK
about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season . 	UNK
surprisingly refreshing 	UNK
written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit 	UNK
none of them memorable 	UNK
as an entertainment destination for the general public 	UNK
such an excellent job 	UNK
catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them 	UNK
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic 	UNK
more fascinating look 	UNK
hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining . 	UNK
a fine , focused piece of work 	UNK
continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means . 	UNK
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane . 	UNK
unmotivated 	UNK
did n't convince me that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side . 	UNK
utilizes the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work . 	UNK
lumbering 	UNK
breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill 	UNK
does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie 	UNK
are masterfully controlled 	UNK
is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul 	UNK
ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor 	UNK
stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable . 	UNK
a sleek advert for youthful anomie 	UNK
as ' a perfect family film 	UNK
finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers 	UNK
hard to say who might enjoy this 	UNK
a successful example 	UNK
of familial separation and societal betrayal 	UNK
great credit 	UNK
loneliness and isolation 	UNK
are wasted in it 	UNK
the logic of it all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor . 	UNK
this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels . 	UNK
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie 	UNK
a few tasty morsels 	UNK
highly gifted 12-year-old 	UNK
blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 	UNK
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime 	UNK
comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation 	UNK
a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival 	UNK
a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off 	UNK
may not be pleased 	UNK
it should be doing a lot of things , but does n't . 	UNK
anti- 	UNK
lacks it . 	UNK
oral storytelling frozen onto film 	UNK
that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans 	UNK
but quietly effective 	UNK
into a dullard 	UNK
instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized . 	UNK
the princess seem smug and cartoonish 	UNK
are funny 	UNK
characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	UNK
hard to make the most of a bumper 	UNK
terrific as rachel 	UNK
can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo 	UNK
really stupid 	UNK
ryan gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor . 	UNK
guilt-trip 	UNK
, you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours 	UNK
two hours of junk . 	UNK
human drama 	UNK
it jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier . 	UNK
... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages 	UNK
modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up 	UNK
far more interested in gross-out humor 	UNK
diggs and lathan are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film . 	UNK
an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage 	UNK
're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life 	UNK
tries its best to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape . 	UNK
very top 	UNK
sinks 	UNK
an uninspired preachy and clichéd war 	UNK
keep this from being a complete waste of time 	UNK
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women . 	UNK
's good enough to be the purr 	UNK
is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film . 	UNK
the smartest 	UNK
as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided 	UNK
it is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film 	UNK
unlikable , 	UNK
up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars 	UNK
an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits 	UNK
left on a remote shelf indefinitely 	UNK
a return to pure disney 	UNK
a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well . 	UNK
is phenomenal , especially the women 	UNK
undercuts its charm 	UNK
it 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it 	UNK
larger-than-life figure 	UNK
thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book 	UNK
rare and riveting 	UNK
a family film 	UNK
elegant visual sense 	UNK
are worth the price of admission 	UNK
of being a good documentarian 	UNK
very predictable but still entertaining 	UNK
a christmas perennial 	UNK
depressing story 	UNK
meticulous talent 	UNK
called freddy gets molested by a dog 	UNK
solid performances 	UNK
genuinely funny jokes 	UNK
is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it . 	UNK
have finally aged past his prime ... 	UNK
do n't judge this one too soon 	UNK
translating complex characters from novels to the big screen 	UNK
rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes . 	UNK
consistently funny . 	UNK
animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers 	UNK
a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views . 	UNK
should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike 	UNK
ca n't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops . 	UNK
its occasional charms are not to be dismissed . 	UNK
be over 	UNK
the euphoria of growing up 	UNK
constantly pulling the rug from underneath us 	UNK
has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 	UNK
wince in embarrassment and others , 	UNK
on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about 	UNK
that never catches fire 	UNK
offensive 	UNK
it 's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies . 	UNK
celebrate 	UNK
deepest recesses 	UNK
as good , if not better 	UNK
throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit 	UNK
quite tasty and inviting all the same 	UNK
movies , television and the theater 	UNK
irony-free 	UNK
lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther ... 	UNK
it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and 	UNK
its absurdity 	UNK
hates 	UNK
most fascinating stories 	UNK
fragmentary narrative style 	UNK
's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe 	UNK
of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year 	UNK
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch 	UNK
is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material . 	UNK
it 's an effort to watch this movie , 	UNK
rapid-fire delivery 	UNK
makes up for with its heart 	UNK
effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles 	UNK
it takes chances that are bold by studio standards 	UNK
opened it up for all of us to understand 	UNK
imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned 	UNK
a worthy substitute 	UNK
in tatters 	UNK
no , even that 's too committed . 	UNK
falling short as a whole 	UNK
there is no foundation for it 	UNK
is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live . 	UNK
've got a huge mess 	UNK
have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup 	UNK
complete waste 	UNK
brow 	UNK
there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie 	UNK
snooze 	UNK
so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines 	UNK
sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty 	UNK
handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly . 	UNK
too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book 	UNK
manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance 	UNK
flimsy 	UNK
offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed 	UNK
sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once 	UNK
people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 . 	UNK
unique and entertaining 	UNK
sadly 	UNK
it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows . 	UNK
if it pushes its agenda too forcefully 	UNK
its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places 	UNK
mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay 	UNK
to the always hilarious meara and levy 	UNK
create and sustain 	UNK
one of our best actors 	UNK
beacon of hope 	UNK
ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film 	UNK
about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery 	UNK
making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie 	UNK
look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices . 	UNK
such a fine idea 	UNK
his lack of self-awareness 	UNK
astonish 	UNK
the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired 	UNK
, there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism . 	UNK
, the last kiss is really all about performances . 	UNK
and small delights 	UNK
it 's up to ( watts ) to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and 	UNK
hubristic folly 	UNK
as a piece of storytelling 	UNK
a few nice twists in a standard plot 	UNK
fascinating than the results 	UNK
it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won . 	UNK
get inside you 	UNK
bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists 	UNK
a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of . 	UNK
's still a sweet , even delectable diversion 	UNK
death to smoochy is often very funny , 	UNK
downfall 	UNK
've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material 	UNK
it throws you for a loop . 	UNK
something provocative , 	UNK
the horrifying historical reality 	UNK
assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan . 	UNK
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique 	UNK
is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things 	UNK
surprisingly similar 	UNK
goodfellas 	UNK
electrocute and dismember 	UNK
on both suspense and payoff 	UNK
passionate 	UNK
in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you 	UNK
give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , 	UNK
too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell 	UNK
is downright movie penance 	UNK
giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining 	UNK
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill 	UNK
its greatest play 	UNK
are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy 	UNK
akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material 	UNK
the most amazing super-sized dosage 	UNK
... wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams . 	UNK
coppola 's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema . 	UNK
you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing . 	UNK
it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second 	UNK
reworks 	UNK
is the opposite of a truly magical movie . 	UNK
the transcendent performance 	UNK
folds under its own thinness 	UNK
exceptional thriller 	UNK
gripping and compelling 	UNK
ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here 	UNK
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs . 	UNK
tsai 's usual style and themes 	UNK
bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics 	UNK
its inventiveness 	UNK
guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face 	UNK
crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance 	UNK
one of the most original american productions this year 	UNK
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie 	UNK
a ship as leaky 	UNK
finds a nice rhythm . 	UNK
dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . 	UNK
is hell 	UNK
deserves recommendation 	UNK
then again , subtlety has never been his trademark 	UNK
my big fat greek wedding '' comes from the heart 	UNK
a child 's interest and 	UNK
although olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation ... its three-hour running time plays closer to two . 	UNK
possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio . 	UNK
high-powered 	UNK
an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre 	UNK
could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction 	UNK
they turn out to be delightfully compatible here 	UNK
, you 'll have a good time with this one too 	UNK
aims so low 	UNK
of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio 	UNK
the hell 	UNK
unrelenting bleak insistence 	UNK
wild ride '' 	UNK
, wannabe-hip crime comedy 	UNK
ingeniously 	UNK
that the less charitable might describe as a castrated 	UNK
marks a modest if encouraging return 	UNK
incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except 	UNK
hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles 	UNK
of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop 	UNK
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar . 	UNK
ca n't remember a single name responsible for it 	UNK
then the film is a pleasant enough dish . 	UNK
is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it 	UNK
bring out joys in our lives that we never knew 	UNK
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less 	UNK
, and fearlessness 	UNK
like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being 	UNK
is often preachy and 	UNK
is clever 	UNK
as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe 	UNK
gets off with a good natured warning 	UNK
though writer/director bart freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance . 	UNK
is worth your time 	UNK
, fun , curiously adolescent movie 	UNK
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so 	UNK
's an entertaining movie 	UNK
how horrible we are to ourselves and each other 	UNK
done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age 	UNK
except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams 	UNK
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast 	UNK
an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger 	UNK
susan sarandon 	UNK
very valuable 	UNK
a nice cool glass of iced tea 	UNK
could n't help but 	UNK
would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 . '' 	UNK
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo 	UNK
only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch 	UNK
complex , unpredictable character 	UNK
visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid 	UNK
on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis 	UNK
means a great movie 	UNK
done cinematically 	UNK
not smart or barbed enough for older viewers 	UNK
mostly believable , 	UNK
a personal low for everyone involved 	UNK
a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state . 	UNK
is so warm and fuzzy 	UNK
of the current political climate 	UNK
clearly see the world of our making . 	UNK
falls back 	UNK
a disaster of a story , 	UNK
know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too . 	UNK
dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm 	UNK
deserving of its critical backlash and more 	UNK
to the core 	UNK
it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made . 	UNK
which is way too stagy 	UNK
really what we demand of the director 	UNK
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task . 	UNK
whereas oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity . 	UNK
by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness 	UNK
is n't even halfway 	UNK
begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot 	UNK
are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next . 	UNK
this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time 	UNK
gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside 	UNK
my indignant , preemptive departure 	UNK
even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half 	UNK
no quarter 	UNK
marshall keeps the energy humming , and 	UNK
all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas 	UNK
far closer than many movies 	UNK
, swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner . 	UNK
`` frailty '' starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme 	UNK
some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma 	UNK
a music scene that transcends culture and race 	UNK
ruined by amateurish 	UNK
a solid , well-formed satire 	UNK
would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi . 	UNK
corporate circus 	UNK
lethally dull 	UNK
one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history 	UNK
like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions . 	UNK
south korea 's 	UNK
as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be 	UNK
it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it 	UNK
a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome 	UNK
this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy 	UNK
, at times sublime , 	UNK
introspective and entertaining 	UNK
's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair 	UNK
understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing 	UNK
there 's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance . 	UNK
disappointing 	UNK
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement . 	UNK
no particularly memorable effect 	UNK
a blip 	UNK
that makes his films so memorable 	UNK
there 's nothing exactly wrong here , but there 's not nearly enough that 's right . 	UNK
said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise 	UNK
a feature-length film 	UNK
write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody 	UNK
good fun 	UNK
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . 	UNK
fashioned an absorbing look 	UNK
not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie . 	UNK
but what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script . 	UNK
equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress 	UNK
's a funny no-brainer 	UNK
do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time 	UNK
amateurishly 	UNK
the film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe . 	UNK
in its own way , rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings 	UNK
showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation . 	UNK
the upper echelons of the directing world 	UNK
clueless and inept 	UNK
an interested detachment 	UNK
frustratingly unconvincing 	UNK
tiresome ugliness 	UNK
form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare . 	UNK
did n't talk down to them 	UNK
very few laughs and even less surprises 	UNK
discovered , indulged in 	UNK
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time . 	UNK
a little bit of romance and a dose 	UNK
's so poorly 	UNK
there 's something about mary and both american pie movies 	UNK
, fun cheese puff 	UNK
suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life 	UNK
all the mounting tension of an expert thriller 	UNK
colorful look 	UNK
fluttering 	UNK
wonderful 	UNK
directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways . 	UNK
is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree 	UNK
about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 	UNK
reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things . 	UNK
longer exposition sequences between them 	UNK
gasping at its visual delights 	UNK
and civic action laudable 	UNK
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance 	UNK
after the death of a child 	UNK
a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance 	UNK
, spielberg knows how to tell us about people . 	UNK
what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art 	UNK
giant step backward 	UNK
that a feel-good movie can still show real heart 	UNK
an impeccable study in perversity . 	UNK
slurs 	UNK
are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie 	UNK
ebullient affection 	UNK
so much farcical as sour . 	UNK
hard-hitting documentary 	UNK
brosnan is more feral in this film than i 've seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him 	UNK
sometimes hilarious ) 	UNK
find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted 	UNK
attracting audiences to unfaithful 	UNK
such a mesmerizing one 	UNK
crematorium 	UNK
defies expectation 	UNK
remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking 	UNK
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away . 	UNK
's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen . 	UNK
less a movie than ) 	UNK
the devastation 	UNK
that miss 	UNK
plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder . 	UNK
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and 	UNK
greatest musicians 	UNK
stinks from start 	UNK
, movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds . 	UNK
just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it 	UNK
i enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was . 	UNK
's so not-at-all-good 	UNK
it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors 	UNK
is laughingly enjoyable 	UNK
to one of those ignorant 	UNK
mixed results 	UNK
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and 	UNK
there are laughs aplenty 	UNK
while the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think . 	UNK
adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay 	UNK
irrelevancy 	UNK
a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle 	UNK
shot like a postcard and 	UNK
the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag . 	UNK
best screen 	UNK
as shallow entertainment 	UNK
gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience 	UNK
memorable experience 	UNK
knows , and very likely 	UNK
convinced that these women are spectacular 	UNK
's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss 	UNK
this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine . 	UNK
a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families 	UNK
assert 	UNK
silly 	UNK
have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 	UNK
timid 	UNK
denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film 	UNK
the illusion of work is than actual work 	UNK
`` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings 	UNK
an undeniable energy 	UNK
plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme . 	UNK
is spooky and subtly 	UNK
, and funny 	UNK
the beauty and power of the opera 	UNK
is that it does n't make any sense . 	UNK
sometimes tedious 	UNK
funny , moving 	UNK
teetering on the edge of sanity 	UNK
exists , 	UNK
ca n't rescue this effort 	UNK
the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies . 	UNK
imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one 	UNK
whimsicality , 	UNK
's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads 	UNK
, letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be . 	UNK
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull 	UNK
, american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school . 	UNK
, the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller . 	UNK
as for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all . 	UNK
-- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified 	UNK
only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy 	UNK
responsible 	UNK
clever 	UNK
sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys . 	UNK
offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . 	UNK
the highs and lows 	UNK
look sophisticated 	UNK
why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma . 	UNK
his passion 	UNK
nice , harmless date film 	UNK
'' astounds . 	UNK
memorable and 	UNK
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles 	UNK
makes as much of a mess as this one 	UNK
different ( and better ) 	UNK
spicy 	UNK
a dramatic slap 	UNK
the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught . 	UNK
of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential 	UNK
... it feels like a glossy rehash . 	UNK
been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie 	UNK
just seem like a bad idea from frame one 	UNK
be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year 	UNK
a delicately crafted film 	UNK
will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss . 	UNK
while the film is competent , it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires . 	UNK
to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation 	UNK
by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades 	UNK
tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell 	UNK
an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains 	UNK
dull and ankle-deep 	UNK
an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally 	UNK
aimless , arduous 	UNK
a screenplay to die for 	UNK
its objective portrait 	UNK
're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular . 	UNK
but only among those who are drying out from spring break 	UNK
metal , fireballs and revenge 	UNK
insignificance 	UNK
find an enthusiastic audience 	UNK
remarkable amount 	UNK
fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality . 	UNK
with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch 	UNK
as it is interminable 	UNK
reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth . 	UNK
it 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend . 	UNK
an often intense character study about fathers 	UNK
romantic comedy with a fresh point of view 	UNK
most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure 	UNK
and educational ! 	UNK
to some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits . 	UNK
a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection 	UNK
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely 	UNK
rehashes 	UNK
is a little scattered -- ditsy , 	UNK
laughter 	UNK
loses its sense of humor 	UNK
they used to anymore 	UNK
a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny 	UNK
affirming 	UNK
as we 	UNK
the whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product . 	UNK
's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long 	UNK
flavor and spice 	UNK
a beguiling evocation 	UNK
impish divertissement 	UNK
a delicious crime drama on par 	UNK
the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects . 	UNK
leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends 	UNK
realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital 	UNK
you 're burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol 	UNK
injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater . 	UNK
understands the workings of its spirit 	UNK
first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan 	UNK
just like a splendid meal , red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation . 	UNK
's black hawk down with more heart 	UNK
enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess 	UNK
enormously enjoyable 	UNK
a moving and stark reminder 	UNK
well-meaning , beautifully produced film 	UNK
's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers 	UNK
ponderous and 	UNK
to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story 	UNK
in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it 	UNK
last-place basketball 	UNK
do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	UNK
playful and 	UNK
a child 's pain 	UNK
most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain 	UNK
bluer than the atlantic 	UNK
of the week blown up for the big screen 	UNK
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power . 	UNK
three words : thumbs friggin ' down 	UNK
this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still . 	UNK
is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight 	UNK
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , 	UNK
ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous 	UNK
sinks . 	UNK
, it does so without compromising that complexity . 	UNK
stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours 	UNK
feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama . 	UNK
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension 	UNK
, then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia . 	UNK
, with a solid cast , 	UNK
's relentlessly folksy 	UNK
is never especially clever and 	UNK
achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions 	UNK
a treatise on spirituality 	UNK
determination and the human spirit 	UNK
from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters 	UNK
slight to be called any kind of masterpiece 	UNK
succeeds in making neither 	UNK
even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater 	UNK
a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast 	UNK
is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . ' 	UNK
the beauty 	UNK
has done the nearly impossible 	UNK
increasingly implausible as it 	UNK
see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside 	UNK
a medium-grade network sitcom -- 	UNK
comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film 	UNK
, i 'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time . 	UNK
new movie rapes 	UNK
a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films 	UNK
still feels counterproductive 	UNK
more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm . 	UNK
ayres makes the right choices at every turn 	UNK
a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions 	UNK
sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material 	UNK
( herzog 's ) personal policy 	UNK
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness 	UNK
dramatic 	UNK
a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break 	UNK
relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs 	UNK
for those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half . 	UNK
self-caricature 	UNK
any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things . 	UNK
designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus 	UNK
it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking 	UNK
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , 	UNK
hilariously wicked black comedy ... 	UNK
be more complex than your average film 	UNK
ideal outlet 	UNK
despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining . 	UNK
bother watching past the second commercial break 	UNK
deadly bore 	UNK
intimate and intelligent 	UNK
yet i found it weirdly appealing 	UNK
a fun adventure movie 	UNK
martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline . 	UNK
immaculate 	UNK
know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama . 	UNK
's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence 	UNK
delightful . 	UNK
to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images 	UNK
is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter 	UNK
increasingly important film industry 	UNK
how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is 	UNK
drying out 	UNK
that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality 	UNK
lets the pictures do the punching 	UNK
brutal and funny 	UNK
perry 's good 	UNK
did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ? 	UNK
sloppily written 	UNK
some special qualities 	UNK
i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays . 	UNK
's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters 	UNK
schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch 	UNK
something fresh to say 	UNK
of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists 	UNK
who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us 	UNK
such confidence 	UNK
this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller 	UNK
, maudlin and cliche-ridden 	UNK
a great performance and 	UNK
fulfill 	UNK
dead bodies 	UNK
guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters 	UNK
rock solid family fun out of the gates 	UNK
the worst sense 	UNK
like a fragment of an underdone potato 	UNK
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? 	UNK
wasting away 	UNK
inventing 	UNK
would benigni 's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ? 	UNK
bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy 	UNK
acclaim 	UNK
pushiness and decibel volume 	UNK
of the painstaking 	UNK
be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love 	UNK
never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier 	UNK
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage 	UNK
is good 	UNK
of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 	UNK
you can actually feel good 	UNK
itself is ultimately quite unengaging . 	UNK
hilariously 	UNK
a summertime look-see 	UNK
is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie 	UNK
pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism 	UNK
you live the mood rather than savor the story . 	UNK
phony humility 	UNK
you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood 	UNK
wastes an exceptionally good idea 	UNK
does n't cut it 	UNK
above the rest 	UNK
it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz 	UNK
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations 	UNK
may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie . 	UNK
is a tired one , 	UNK
treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects 	UNK
carry the film 	UNK
a worthless film 	UNK
at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten 	UNK
round out the square edges . 	UNK
a dull , dumb and derivative horror film . 	UNK
to hate it 	UNK
absorbs all manner of lame entertainment 	UNK
eerily 	UNK
the film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work . 	UNK
seedy clash 	UNK
instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick . 	UNK
the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance . 	UNK
payne has created a beautiful canvas 	UNK
are the greatest musicians of all time . 	UNK
labored writing and slack direction 	UNK
the old mib label stands for milder is n't better . 	UNK
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess . 	UNK
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career 	UNK
makes a wonderful subject for the camera . 	UNK
the quirky 	UNK
dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , 	UNK
as a mechanical apparatus 	UNK
imaginatively 	UNK
emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective 	UNK
for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound 	UNK
blasphemous and nonsensical 	UNK
a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy 	UNK
ranks as the most original in years 	UNK
are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away 	UNK
) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment 	UNK
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable . 	UNK
ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two . 	UNK
's the perfect cure for insomnia . 	UNK
recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it . 	UNK
like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 	UNK
in making me groggy 	UNK
the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack . 	UNK
's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese 	UNK
of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes 	UNK
food-spittingly 	UNK
on top 	UNK
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots 	UNK
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title . 	UNK
city by the sea would slip under the waves . 	UNK
are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking 	UNK
patchy 	UNK
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag 	UNK
ill-considered notion 	UNK
it 's easy to love robin tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices . 	UNK
might describe as a castrated 	UNK
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and 	UNK
no trouble sitting for blade ii 	UNK
it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story 	UNK
considered career-best performances 	UNK
a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see 	UNK
the film is extremely thorough . 	UNK
has some of the funniest jokes of any movie 	UNK
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light 	UNK
farts , urine , feces , semen , or 	UNK
jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval . 	UNK
exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . 	UNK
above the level of a telanovela 	UNK
, it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work . 	UNK
been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up 	UNK
a glimmer of intelligence or invention 	UNK
the trap of the maudlin or tearful 	UNK
a vampire soap opera that does n't make much 	UNK
provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway 	UNK
letdown 	UNK
jeunet 	UNK
has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) 	UNK
a small movie with a big heart . 	UNK
one that should be thrown back in the river 	UNK
trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	UNK
are fantasti 	UNK
a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music 	UNK
wise and deadpan 	UNK
no , it 's not as single-minded as john carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels . 	UNK
surprisingly romantic 	UNK
, the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden . 	UNK
in all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant . 	UNK
this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , 	UNK
the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality . 	UNK
fragmented film 	UNK
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones 	UNK
attempts to fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire 	UNK
appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race . 	UNK
equilibrium becomes a concept doofus 	UNK
boredom 	UNK
terrific as nadia , a russian mail-order bride who comes to america speaking not a word of english , it 's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers . 	UNK
is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood . 	UNK
a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce 	UNK
fun and 	UNK
's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts 	UNK
works on no level whatsoever for me 	UNK
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high . 	UNK
exceedingly pleasant 	UNK
unflinching look 	UNK
about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure 	UNK
of new inspiration in it 	UNK
predictable storyline and 	UNK
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema . 	UNK
postcard perfect 	UNK
that did not figure out a coherent game 	UNK
's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest 	UNK
recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera . 	UNK
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and 	UNK
it 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages . 	UNK
who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings 	UNK
lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 	UNK
otherwise excellent film 	UNK
the biggest problem with roger avary 's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything . 	UNK
when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen 	UNK
had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters 	UNK
a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks . 	UNK
the goo 	UNK
within the seas of their personalities 	UNK
follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world 	UNK
the chatter 	UNK
harsh 	UNK
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence 	UNK
strong 	UNK
their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary 	UNK
in this marvelous film 	UNK
, there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . 	UNK
this a remarkable and novel concept 	UNK
first and 	UNK
nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks . 	UNK
of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while 	UNK
monstrous 	UNK
somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles 	UNK
delivered in low-key style 	UNK
candid , archly funny 	UNK
any redeeming value whatsoever 	UNK
does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez 	UNK
goes right 	UNK
starts out with tremendous promise , 	UNK
has humor and heart and very talented young actors 	UNK
does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along 	UNK
about their budding amours 	UNK
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride . 	UNK
can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure 	UNK
a powerful sequel and 	UNK
all great films about a life you never knew existed 	UNK
we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , 	UNK
is n't funny . 	UNK
you-are-there immediacy 	UNK
it 's propelled by the acting 	UNK
your interest , your imagination , your empathy 	UNK
is a former film editor 	UNK
a riveting , brisk delight 	UNK
is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children 	UNK
sweet and 	UNK
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and 	UNK
whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday 	UNK
a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 	UNK
even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy . 	UNK
about as inspiring 	UNK
keen eye , 	UNK
oblivious 	UNK
depress you about life itself 	UNK
there is a real subject here , and 	UNK
a sharp and quick documentary 	UNK
oddly , the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny . 	UNK
on intimate relationships 	UNK
as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment . 	UNK
to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks 	UNK
unambitious 	UNK
straight to video 	UNK
in its characterizations 	UNK
no wrong 	UNK
is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level . 	UNK
limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy 	UNK
almost entirely witless and inane , 	UNK
like schindler 's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . 	UNK
special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest 	UNK
vain for a movie 	UNK
the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies 	UNK
it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable 	UNK
75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie 	UNK
, the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey 	UNK
, it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment . 	UNK
's much to recommend the film . 	UNK
the art direction is often exquisite , and 	UNK
winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it . 	UNK
the worst films 	UNK
this film , which may be why it works as well as it does 	UNK
celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs . 	UNK
its unerring respect for them 	UNK
true talent 	UNK
with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor 	UNK
peak 	UNK
succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth . 	UNK
is never dull 	UNK
is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run . 	UNK
accept it as life and 	UNK
a little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium . 	UNK
it can not even be dubbed hedonistic 	UNK
not to mention absolutely refreshed . 	UNK
said to squander jennifer love hewitt 	UNK
a single good film 	UNK
see nothing in it 	UNK
explode 	UNK
care 	UNK
interesting effort 	UNK
, schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm . 	UNK
of its plot contrivances 	UNK
that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition 	UNK
something awfully deadly 	UNK
ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative 	UNK
grinds itself out 	UNK
receive 	UNK
any other kind of intelligent humor 	UNK
a muddle 	UNK
comes off as self-parody . 	UNK
jay russell 	UNK
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) , but 	UNK
a really special walk in the woods 	UNK
, this nervy oddity , like modern art should . 	UNK
bland animated sequel 	UNK
in constant fits of laughter 	UNK
emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment . 	UNK
that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood 	UNK
unlike ( scorsese 's mean streets ) , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot . 	UNK
getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera 	UNK
be the only one laughing at his own joke 	UNK
gives hollywood sequels a bad name 	UNK
makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison . 	UNK
`` austin powers in goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . 	UNK
achieving some honest insight into relationships 	UNK
one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 	UNK
their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger 	UNK
that suck the audience in 	UNK
energy and wit 	UNK
real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is 	UNK
an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it 	UNK
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company 	UNK
a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- 	UNK
dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue 	UNK
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill 	UNK
is bright and flashy in all the right ways 	UNK
imponderably stilted 	UNK
of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey 	UNK
both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters 	UNK
to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen 	UNK
for sick and demented humor 	UNK
with a philosophical visual coming right 	UNK
casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ? 	UNK
balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching 	UNK
is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story 	UNK
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds . 	UNK
giggles 	UNK
is that it 's actually watchable . 	UNK
what ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits . 	UNK
's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch 	UNK
mean-spirited second half 	UNK
, it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful . 	UNK
marvel again 	UNK
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor . 	UNK
everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	UNK
story is almost an afterthought 	UNK
did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on 	UNK
quite tasteful to look at 	UNK
a deft pace master 	UNK
with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically 	UNK
best little 	UNK
simone is not a bad film . 	UNK
precious new star wars movie 	UNK
that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance 	UNK
my loved ones 	UNK
skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional 	UNK
radioactive hair 	UNK
what the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance . 	UNK
looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it 	UNK
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative 	UNK
to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device 	UNK
is small in scope , yet perfectly formed 	UNK
i thoroughly enjoyed the love story 	UNK
romp pile 	UNK
grows on you 	UNK
's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say 	UNK
the movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . ' 	UNK
humorless , self-conscious art drivel 	UNK
arch and rather cold-blooded comedy 	UNK
the film buzz and whir ; 	UNK
why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing 	UNK
disgusted 	UNK
a genre that 's already a joke in the united states . 	UNK
is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing 	UNK
slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth . 	UNK
it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own . 	UNK
beautifully shot , but 	UNK
infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent 	UNK
as offensive 	UNK
too many story lines 	UNK
a peculiar misfire that even tunney ca n't save . 	UNK
a discreet moan 	UNK
this is a heartfelt story 	UNK
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and 	UNK
this little $ 1.8 million charmer 	UNK
easy to swallow , 	UNK
has been made with an enormous amount of affection 	UNK
a kind of perpetual pain 	UNK
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and 	UNK
might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ? 	UNK
venture forth 	UNK
visually captivating . 	UNK
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures 	UNK
, signs is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project . 	UNK
a first-class road movie 	UNK
her good looks 	UNK
biographical melodramas 	UNK
lacking any sense of commitment to or 	UNK
's meandering , low on energy , and too eager 	UNK
to be seen as hip , winking social commentary 	UNK
peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience . 	UNK
there 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . 	UNK
good guy 	UNK
a very good film 	UNK
stultifying 	UNK
great premise 	UNK
to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that 	UNK
a summer 	UNK
scuzzy 	UNK
draws you 	UNK
would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed 	UNK
idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , 	UNK
the sketchiest 	UNK
the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low 	UNK
left me feeling refreshed and hopeful 	UNK
intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular 	UNK
hollow tribute 	UNK
to proceed as the world implodes 	UNK
good-natured fun 	UNK
hunky has-been 	UNK
is serene , the humor wry and sprightly 	UNK
derailed by bad writing 	UNK
plus 	UNK
neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear 	UNK
surprisingly charming and even witty match 	UNK
the most severe kind 	UNK
the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment . 	UNK
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters 	UNK
pretty unbelievable 	UNK
it 's the perfect cure for insomnia . 	UNK
touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport 	UNK
good action , 	UNK
remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written 	UNK
too damn weird 	UNK
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- 	UNK
defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome 	UNK
lightweight female empowerment 	UNK
should catch this imax offering . 	UNK
catching solely on its visual merits 	UNK
i liked about schmidt a lot 	UNK
painful improbability 	UNK
to see how far herzog has fallen 	UNK
as dahmer 	UNK
( seems ) even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels . 	UNK
had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny 	UNK
the elements were all there 	UNK
overdone 	UNK
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality 	UNK
has created a brilliant motion picture 	UNK
a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic 	UNK
has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone . 	UNK
for a winning , heartwarming yarn 	UNK
whimsicality , narrative discipline 	UNK
drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés 	UNK
lighting effects and innovative backgrounds 	UNK
starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter 	UNK
any of these despicable characters 	UNK
the rotting underbelly 	UNK
yet , it must be admitted 	UNK
charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent 	UNK
lovably 	UNK
will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted . 	UNK
, and among the best films of the year . 	UNK
a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view 	UNK
seriously dumb characters , 	UNK
the burning sensation 	UNK
as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice . 	UNK
martha enormously endearing 	UNK
disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling 	UNK
the performances are amiable and committed , and 	UNK
fixating 	UNK
sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story 	UNK
while bollywood/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those ( like me ) who are n't . 	UNK
captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish 	UNK
it 's hardly a necessary enterprise . 	UNK
it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down . 	UNK
riveting 	UNK
maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment . 	UNK
with the inescapable conclusion 	UNK
notorious rise 	UNK
satisfyingly scarifying , 	UNK
to have their kids 	UNK
could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 	UNK
abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them 	UNK
the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy 	UNK
makes it a party worth attending . 	UNK
disgusting to begin with 	UNK
that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters 	UNK
as imaginative as one might have hoped 	UNK
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon wo n't be disappointed . 	UNK
due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment 	UNK
is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice 	UNK
bugged me 	UNK
can tolerate leon barlow 	UNK
british comedy . 	UNK
the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible 	UNK
was worse . 	UNK
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes 	UNK
off too far 	UNK
is so charmless and vacant 	UNK
is far from disappointing 	UNK
draws its considerable power from simplicity . 	UNK
smoochy 	UNK
delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . 	UNK
of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 	UNK
drag it down to mediocrity -- 	UNK
of the greatest date movies in years 	UNK
too predictably 	UNK
a woozy quality 	UNK
none of which amounts to much of a story 	UNK
too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction 	UNK
is extremely thorough . 	UNK
dead production 	UNK
a talented director 	UNK
superficiality and 	UNK
a distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances . 	UNK
you will likely enjoy this monster 	UNK
assuredly 	UNK
are underwhelming 	UNK
always the prettiest pictures 	UNK
giddy viewing 	UNK
pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming 	UNK
makes you feel like a chump 	UNK
family-oriented 	UNK
almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- 	UNK
familiar situations and repetitive scenes 	UNK
is a pretty decent little documentary 	UNK
, a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable . 	UNK
a little melodramatic , but with enough 	UNK
speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence 	UNK
resolutely unamusing 	UNK
cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin 	UNK
a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design . 	UNK
( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass . 	UNK
keenly 	UNK
mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience 	UNK
lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking . 	UNK
he brings together 	UNK
this film is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success . 	UNK
one reason it 's so lackluster 	UNK
an enjoyable comedy 	UNK
give full performances 	UNK
a great idea 	UNK
affecting , amusing , sad and reflective 	UNK
except as a harsh conceptual exercise 	UNK
is misbegotten 	UNK
becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters 	UNK
the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience . 	UNK
the sensational true-crime 	UNK
little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting 	UNK
the improperly hammy performance 	UNK
followed through 	UNK
many different ideas from happiness 	UNK
the scenes of torture and self-mutilation 	UNK
when it drags 	UNK
cultural intrigue 	UNK
heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors . 	UNK
flat , misguided comedy 	UNK
while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks . 	UNK
to a picture-perfect beach 	UNK
an objective documentary 	UNK
's something impressive and yet lacking about everything . 	UNK
, sets the tone for a summer of good stuff 	UNK
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters 	UNK
are more involving than this mess . 	UNK
intriguing questions 	UNK
a respectable new one 	UNK
more like a travel-agency video 	UNK
this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie 	UNK
scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug 	UNK
serves as a rather thin moral 	UNK
very ugly , very fast 	UNK
poignant and 	UNK
full of life and small delights 	UNK
emptiness and maddeningly 	UNK
a main character who sometimes defies sympathy 	UNK
begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends 	UNK
infuriating 	UNK
been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) 	UNK
if you 're willing to have fun with it , you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful . 	UNK
ultimate insignificance 	UNK
which may be why it works as well as it does 	UNK
those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party 	UNK
rather than provocative 	UNK
of the movie 's charm 	UNK
succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad . 	UNK
in its own direction 	UNK
an appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton 	UNK
the characters are based on stock clichés , and 	UNK
, like i already mentioned ... it 's robert duvall ! 	UNK
have been lost in the translation this time 	UNK
bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' ) 	UNK
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream 	UNK
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and 	UNK
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but 	UNK
some fairly unsettling scenes 	UNK
fascinating and 	UNK
with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , 	UNK
long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare 	UNK
remains the real masterpiece 	UNK
a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project 	UNK
even when crush departs from the 4w formula ... it feels like a glossy rehash . 	UNK
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star 	UNK
banality 	UNK
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists 	UNK
the price of admission for the ridicule factor 	UNK
it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously 	UNK
is a fragmented film 	UNK
magnificent 	UNK
manic and energetic 	UNK
the best irish sense 	UNK
comfortably 	UNK
grant is certainly amusing , 	UNK
in increasingly incoherent fashion 	UNK
and moving portrait 	UNK
franchise possibilities 	UNK
's on par with the first one 	UNK
to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle 	UNK
thoughtless , random , superficial humor and a lot of very bad scouse accents 	UNK
it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out . 	UNK
this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it 	UNK
make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them 	UNK
caring for animals and respecting other cultures 	UNK
the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken . 	UNK
effective in all its aspects , margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken . 	UNK
the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal 	UNK
ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out . 	UNK
the wit and hoopla 	UNK
is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn 	UNK
would leave you cold 	UNK
two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy . 	UNK
a deeply unpleasant experience 	UNK
another example of how sandler is losing his touch 	UNK
( dong ) makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , 	UNK
in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to 	UNK
comes out on video 	UNK
has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong 	UNK
spreading a puritanical brand of christianity 	UNK
gentle , mesmerizing portrait 	UNK
is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love . 	UNK
, to say nothing of boring . 	UNK
in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does 	UNK
a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche 	UNK
unholy hokum . 	UNK
the original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece ! 	UNK
have to give them credit for : the message of the movie 	UNK
whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story 	UNK
perfect comic timing 	UNK
be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes 	UNK
wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue 	UNK
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey 	UNK
it is a good and ambitious film 	UNK
could have -- should have 	UNK
too dry 	UNK
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette . 	UNK
stay in touch with your own skin 	UNK
does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly 	UNK
been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional . 	UNK
a long , dull procession of despair 	UNK
lack contrast 	UNK
the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences 	UNK
) best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america 	UNK
pollute the summer movie pool 	UNK
's not a fresh idea 	UNK
a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort . 	UNK
lowbrow 	UNK
left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else 	UNK
while there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) 	UNK
teen-speak and animal gibberish 	UNK
this deeply moving french drama 	UNK
an athlete , a movie star , 	UNK
not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted 	UNK
works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh 	UNK
of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies 	UNK
spirit is a visual treat 	UNK
display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline 	UNK
how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head . 	UNK
the pathetic idea 	UNK
going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn 	UNK
95-minute commercial 	UNK
pure adrenalin 	UNK
puts wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers 	UNK
seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain 	UNK
the relationships were wonderful 	UNK
this `` un-bear-able '' project 	UNK
humorless and 	UNK
positively shakesperean 	UNK
offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s 	UNK
ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler . 	UNK
even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin 	UNK
own preciousness 	UNK
humanism 	UNK
and even touching 	UNK
painfully forced , false and fabricated 	UNK
fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling 	UNK
does n't completely 	UNK
a good alternative 	UNK
hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity . 	UNK
by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once 	UNK
in the pianist 	UNK
the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle 	UNK
more appropriate 	UNK
the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . 	UNK
depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable 	UNK
if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or 	UNK
, painful , obnoxious 	UNK
more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us 	UNK
but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches . 	UNK
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself 	UNK
dramatized pbs program 	UNK
an enjoyable above average summer diversion 	UNK
sucking you in ... 	UNK
it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is 	UNK
, the movie is certainly easy to watch . 	UNK
a tiny sense of hope 	UNK
delicious dialogue 	UNK
prevails 	UNK
allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie 	UNK
splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us . 	UNK
of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story 	UNK
most irresponsible 	UNK
quirky comedy 	UNK
is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level 	UNK
affectionately goofy 	UNK
has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers . 	UNK
might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead 	UNK
managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan 	UNK
ultimately losing cause 	UNK
warm and winning 	UNK
is completely 	UNK
is just too original to be ignored 	UNK
best 60 minutes 	UNK
flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity 	UNK
are all in the performances , from foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster 	UNK
that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion 	UNK
nudity , profanity and violence 	UNK
directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin 	UNK
a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new 	UNK
impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture 	UNK
like arnold schwarzenegger 	UNK
monumental achievement 	UNK
murphy 's expert comic timing 	UNK
lacks considerable brio 	UNK
delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for 	UNK
is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal . 	UNK
in this flat effort 	UNK
the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film 	UNK
trite 	UNK
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but 	UNK
the lack-of-attention span 	UNK
adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some . 	UNK
makes little attempt 	UNK
of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film 	UNK
by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 	UNK
we do n't avert our eyes for a moment . 	UNK
's also uninspired , 	UNK
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high 	UNK
a touching love story 	UNK
a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic 	UNK
's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community 	UNK
too fluffy 	UNK
rent this on video 	UNK
a treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody . 	UNK
dwindles . 	UNK
is powerful and provocative . 	UNK
an honest attempt to get at something 	UNK
its botches 	UNK
inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence 	UNK
boring and obvious 	UNK
is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material 	UNK
... director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades . 	UNK
these characters love each other 	UNK
benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances 	UNK
an engrossing and grim portrait 	UNK
it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe . 	UNK
bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side . 	UNK
punctuated by sudden shocks 	UNK
its otherwise comic narrative 	UNK
reenacting a historic scandal 	UNK
is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride . 	UNK
ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking 	UNK
will talk about for hours . 	UNK
the-night 	UNK
as the most original in years 	UNK
from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves 	UNK
adam sandler 's heart may be in the right place 	UNK
why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good 	UNK
regardless of race 	UNK
's not nearly enough that 's right 	UNK
, the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks . 	UNK
the intensity 	UNK
about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy 	UNK
feels like a spectator and not a participant 	UNK
adorably ditsy but heartfelt 	UNK
the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing 	UNK
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos 	UNK
the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror 	UNK
modern-day comedies 	UNK
sloppy script 	UNK
not only is it hokey 	UNK
biggest disappointments 	UNK
enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit 	UNK
in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining 	UNK
glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior 	UNK
has moments of inspired humor , 	UNK
sensuous and 	UNK
is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure 	UNK
is predictable at every turn 	UNK
, yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film . 	UNK
rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , 	UNK
former gong show addict 	UNK
still works . 	UNK
, provocative and prescient 	UNK
too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category 	UNK
about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man 	UNK
a sweet , tender sermon 	UNK
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout . 	UNK
a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma 	UNK
you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright 	UNK
of tastelessness and gall 	UNK
is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it 	UNK
life 's harshness 	UNK
much about the film , including some of its casting , 	UNK
long-lived friendships 	UNK
) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic 	UNK
sit through it all 	UNK
holds the screen like a true star 	UNK
the emperor 's club , ruthless in its own placid way 	UNK
fantasy 	UNK
turn on many people to opera , in general 	UNK
no obvious escape 	UNK
laugh riot 	UNK
that should n't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience 	UNK
been done before but never so vividly 	UNK
long and relentlessly saccharine film 	UNK
the film can depress you about life itself . 	UNK
botching a routine assignment 	UNK
this like the dreaded king brown snake 	UNK
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged . 	UNK
a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ... 	UNK
is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors . 	UNK
upper west sidey 	UNK
, it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts . 	UNK
on its own , big trouble could be considered a funny little film . 	UNK
's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition 	UNK
both people 's capacity 	UNK
be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering 	UNK
of good old-fashioned escapism 	UNK
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away 	UNK
a bracing 	UNK
stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense 	UNK
would tax einstein 's brain 	UNK
the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- 	UNK
until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films . 	UNK
this particular , anciently demanding métier 	UNK
brings this unknown slice of history affectingly 	UNK
which is worth seeing 	UNK
especially disappointing 	UNK
as lazy 	UNK
is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy . 	UNK
they were insulted and 	UNK
would go back and choose to skip it . 	UNK
an interesting storyline 	UNK
harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects . 	UNK
succeed in really rattling the viewer 	UNK
flabby 	UNK
flashy 	UNK
numb experience of watching o fantasma 	UNK
the backstage angst 	UNK
immature character 	UNK
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy . 	UNK
preposterous moments 	UNK
cruel 	UNK
that are more silly than scary 	UNK
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer 	UNK
will make you laugh 	UNK
remarkable for its intelligence and intensity . 	UNK
's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama 	UNK
complex , laden with plenty of baggage and 	UNK
visually 	UNK
a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material . 	UNK
is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults . 	UNK
nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release . 	UNK
easily forgotten 	UNK
a lighthearted glow , 	UNK
lousy direction 	UNK
her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset 	UNK
bruised 	UNK
as epic tragedy 	UNK
enthusiasm , 	UNK
for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover 	UNK
entertaining and audacious moments 	UNK
long and unfocused 	UNK
try hard but 	UNK
fresh air 	UNK
-- and disposable story -- 	UNK
makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes 	UNK
's just as wonderful on the big screen . 	UNK
clever and 	UNK
only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be 	UNK
an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream 	UNK
to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time 	UNK
drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes 	UNK
the best korean film of 2002 	UNK
a severe case of hollywood-itis 	UNK
can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it 	UNK
is left slightly unfulfilled . 	UNK
that just does n't work 	UNK
the big ending surprise 	UNK
mostly honest 	UNK
too dry and too placid 	UNK
to blow it 	UNK
ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel . 	UNK
( evans is ) a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie . 	UNK
we care about the story 	UNK
another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents . 	UNK
why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? 	UNK
screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame 	UNK
a fun one 	UNK
crazy , mixed-up films 	UNK
a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer 	UNK
a level of connection and concern 	UNK
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing 	UNK
there is a great deal of fun . 	UNK
it is quite a vision . 	UNK
a winning , heartwarming yarn 	UNK
might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts . 	UNK
fairly basic comedic constructs 	UNK
seen this summer 	UNK
ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least 	UNK
, somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment 	UNK
a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 	UNK
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , 	UNK
's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second 	UNK
a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted 	UNK
the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking 	UNK
a bittersweet film , 	UNK
of an authentic feel 	UNK
flaccid 	UNK
a huge box-office hit in korea 	UNK
horribly depressing 	UNK
is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights . 	UNK
restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy 	UNK
like a documentary in the way 	UNK
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny 	UNK
a slick , engrossing melodrama . 	UNK
... the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form . 	UNK
over-indulgent tirade 	UNK
songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel 	UNK
, these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs . 	UNK
engaging mystery 	UNK
flat effort 	UNK
dramatically satisfying 	UNK
uncommonly moving 	UNK
makes the move from pleasing 	UNK
it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires . 	UNK
bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing 	UNK
the worst film of the year . 	UNK
funny , puzzling movie 	UNK
rich and intelligent 	UNK
hope and magic 	UNK
one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once . 	UNK
rattling the viewer 	UNK
gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game 	UNK
must-see 	UNK
in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare 	UNK
does n't know what it wants to be 	UNK
stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier . 	UNK
more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies 	UNK
treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds 	UNK
absurdist spider web . 	UNK
refuses to spell things out for viewers 	UNK
plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story . 	UNK
you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion 	UNK
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , but 	UNK
a '' range 	UNK
staring 	UNK
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen 	UNK
of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation 	UNK
it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly . 	UNK
all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn 	UNK
uneven performances 	UNK
sometimes inadequate performances 	UNK
have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted 	UNK
breathes more on the big screen 	UNK
humbling little film 	UNK
only thing missing 	UNK
humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath 's version of ` nicholas nickleby ' 	UNK
are oscar-size 	UNK
liked it just enough . 	UNK
such a well-defined sense 	UNK
, should n't the reality seem at least passably real ? 	UNK
casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors 	UNK
those who are n't put off by the film 's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them . 	UNK
inspiration and ambition 	UNK
inexplicable nightmare 	UNK
the delight of discovery 	UNK
enough cool 	UNK
the memorable character creations 	UNK
preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera 	UNK
meandering , low on energy , and too eager 	UNK
also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction 	UNK
me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here 	UNK
shoplifts 	UNK
assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties . 	UNK
notice the 129-minute running time 	UNK
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , 	UNK
balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents 	UNK
as simultaneously funny , 	UNK
very funny romantic comedy 	UNK
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film 	UNK
dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time 	UNK
when the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails . 	UNK
hatosy ... portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue . 	UNK
raucous and sappy 	UNK
arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel 	UNK
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny . 	UNK
's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke 	UNK
'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence 	UNK
that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival 	UNK
in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison 	UNK
out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life 	UNK
could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies 	UNK
do n't have a clue on the park . 	UNK
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and 	UNK
a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score 	UNK
one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches 	UNK
a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard ... and the 1999 guy ritchie caper lock stock and two smoking barrels . 	UNK
at best 	UNK
the enduring strengths of women 	UNK
banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad 	UNK
fascinating portrait 	UNK
rocks 	UNK
uninspiring 	UNK
substitute plot for personality 	UNK
not smart or 	UNK
the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , 	UNK
to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous 	UNK
one of the lucky few who sought it out 	UNK
a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments 	UNK
be killed 	UNK
that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure 	UNK
chicanery and self-delusion 	UNK
the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot 	UNK
favor of an altogether darker side 	UNK
magnetic as graham 	UNK
loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy 	UNK
the big ending surprise almost saves the movie . 	UNK
inventive 	UNK
the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes . 	UNK
but even then , i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . 	UNK
giant spider invasion comic chiller 	UNK
was n't all that great to begin with 	UNK
the importance of being earnest 	UNK
hint 	UNK
fails on its own , 	UNK
breathless 	UNK
its playwriting 101 premise 	UNK
its terrific performances 	UNK
with no unified whole 	UNK
a party-hearty teen 	UNK
the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty 	UNK
drags out 	UNK
single good film 	UNK
director chris wedge and screenwriters michael berg , michael j. wilson and peter ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time . 	UNK
an inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist . 	UNK
communicate the truth of the world around him 	UNK
in trouble every day 	UNK
do justice to the awfulness of the movie 	UNK
wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate 	UNK
moments of hilarity 	UNK
is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure 	UNK
is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care 	UNK
an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about 	UNK
genuinely worthwhile 	UNK
is rather pretentious 	UNK
the nightmare of war 	UNK
marks the spot . 	UNK
ultimately cowardly 	UNK
food 	UNK
misanthropic comedies 	UNK
with love for the movies of the 1960s 	UNK
unsatisfying ending 	UNK
many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy 	UNK
simply and eloquently 	UNK
have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes 	UNK
if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox 	UNK
deep or substantial 	UNK
veered off too far into the exxon zone , 	UNK
out on video before month 's end 	UNK
even bother to rent this on video 	UNK
is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity . 	UNK
its refusal to recognize any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map 	UNK
is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny 	UNK
avalanche 	UNK
be distasteful to children and adults 	UNK
everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness 	UNK
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but 	UNK
it 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure . 	UNK
elegant work 	UNK
naiveté and sophistication 	UNK
's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter . 	UNK
pleaser 	UNK
what is essentially an extended soap opera 	UNK
a series of riveting set pieces 	UNK
opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down . 	UNK
something of a triumph 	UNK
robert de niro performance 	UNK
perfect in their roles 	UNK
for improvement 	UNK
has actually bothered to construct a real story this time 	UNK
dead mother 	UNK
the most entertaining bonds 	UNK
cold , gray , antiseptic 	UNK
no solace here 	UNK
can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas . 	UNK
the beauty of alexander payne 's ode to the everyman is in the details . 	UNK
's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin 	UNK
's better 	UNK
a divine monument 	UNK
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet 	UNK
it 's far from fresh-squeezed 	UNK
curiously depressing 	UNK
worse yet 	UNK
unsympathetic hero 	UNK
motherhood 	UNK
is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement 	UNK
all-out 	UNK
it ai n't art , by a long shot 	UNK
is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made 	UNK
established filmmaker 	UNK
to the haunted house 	UNK
make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits 	UNK
typical 	UNK
scenic 	UNK
is not the most impressive player 	UNK
of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles 	UNK
porno 	UNK
as a comedy 	UNK
carefully choreographed atrocities 	UNK
also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss 	UNK
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and 	UNK
an earnest study in despair 	UNK
, he has no clue about making a movie 	UNK
this toothless dog , already on cable , 	UNK
recommend `` 	UNK
stunning images and effects 	UNK
a simple message 	UNK
for a film that has nothing 	UNK
a tendency to slip into hokum 	UNK
seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look 	UNK
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but 	UNK
i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 	UNK
one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema 	UNK
even when he 's not at his most critically insightful 	UNK
to a few rather than dozens 	UNK
doltish and uneventful 	UNK
a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous 	UNK
everybody loves a david and goliath story , 	UNK
i was expecting 	UNK
the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles 	UNK
best and most 	UNK
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera 	UNK
becomes a part of its fun 	UNK
shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people . 	UNK
swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner . 	UNK
feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 	UNK
it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun . 	UNK
likable story 	UNK
crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing 	UNK
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and 	UNK
in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good . 	UNK
borrowed images 	UNK
achingly honest and delightfully cheeky 	UNK
tell its story 	UNK
too little excitement 	UNK
one of the best , most 	UNK
of earnest textbook psychologizing 	UNK
the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann . 	UNK
try too hard to be mythic 	UNK
thumbs up to paxton 	UNK
controversial 	UNK
the very top rank of french filmmakers 	UNK
sexually explicit 	UNK
: the widowmaker is a great yarn . 	UNK
a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look 	UNK
enormously good fun 	UNK
careless and 	UNK
developed 	UNK
cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory . 	UNK
is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream . 	UNK
shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material 	UNK
it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part 	UNK
would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors . 	UNK
you can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards . 	UNK
shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project 	UNK
poor editing 	UNK
slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but 	UNK
... olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society . 	UNK
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash 	UNK
so many red herrings , so many false scares , 	UNK
bored cage 	UNK
its opening 	UNK
is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee 	UNK
it 's still terrible ! 	UNK
talked all the way through it 	UNK
good actors , good poetry and good music 	UNK
are more silly than scary 	UNK
is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for 	UNK
is also beautifully acted . 	UNK
ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok . 	UNK
loses its ability to shock and amaze 	UNK
a strong script , 	UNK
, they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood 	UNK
a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment . 	UNK
could n't recommend this film more 	UNK
who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching 	UNK
alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads 	UNK
the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice 	UNK
skimpy 	UNK
assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low . 	UNK
hollywood movie 	UNK
savor 	UNK
with a single 	UNK
of a certain ambition 	UNK
is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm . 	UNK
ca n't recommend it enough . 	UNK
, `` ballistic : ecks vs. sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film . 	UNK
mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush 	UNK
a satisfactory overview 	UNK
piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , 	UNK
romanticization 	UNK
worth cheering as a breakthrough 	UNK
of high hilarity 	UNK
an engaging , wide-eyed actress 	UNK
confection that 's pure entertainment . 	UNK
takes care 	UNK
grittily beautiful 	UNK
a rollicking good time 	UNK
the story subtle and us in suspense 	UNK
the audience gets pure escapism 	UNK
the château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation 	UNK
strongest 	UNK
overdoing it 	UNK
the pianist is polanski 's best film . 	UNK
uptight , middle class bores like antonia 	UNK
comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle 	UNK
it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress 	UNK
also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest . 	UNK
achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture . 	UNK
might be best forgotten 	UNK
, being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something 	UNK
the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images 	UNK
so much first-rate talent 	UNK
shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film . 	UNK
exciting 	UNK
shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown . 	UNK
indie of the year 	UNK
call it magic 	UNK
crappy 	UNK
a pretty good job 	UNK
but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés 	UNK
with an undeniable energy 	UNK
hitler 's destiny 	UNK
then you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ... 	UNK
is nothing redeeming about this movie 	UNK
throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull . 	UNK
interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective 	UNK
innuendo 	UNK
the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us 	UNK
to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching 	UNK
dreamed up 	UNK
everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting . 	UNK
best case 	UNK
thrills the eye 	UNK
too little excitement and 	UNK
monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds . 	UNK
riveting set pieces 	UNK
leave a large dog alone 	UNK
entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves 	UNK
soulless 	UNK
, all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . 	UNK
passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge 	UNK
be pleasant in spite of its predictability 	UNK
that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics 	UNK
oftentimes funny , yet 	UNK
are alternately touching and funny 	UNK
sweaty-palmed fun 	UNK
the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light 	UNK
a sloppy script 	UNK
no chemistry or engaging charisma 	UNK
of the grief 	UNK
some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs. sever , were made for the palm screen 	UNK
inspired '' 	UNK
beautiful canvas 	UNK
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , 	UNK
the search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering . 	UNK
gushing -- 	UNK
a good music documentary , 	UNK
to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	UNK
but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and 	UNK
sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop 	UNK
a breakthrough in filmmaking 	UNK
a plodding teen remake 	UNK
naive 	UNK
an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era 	UNK
cynical 	UNK
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation 	UNK
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book . 	UNK
alternately frustrating and rewarding . 	UNK
absurdity 	UNK
whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation 	UNK
the end that extravagantly redeems it 	UNK
garbage 	UNK
schmaltzy and clumsily 	UNK
the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid 	UNK
to recommend it 	UNK
an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud 	UNK
got it right 	UNK
that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue 	UNK
if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse 	UNK
bottom-of-the-bill fare 	UNK
like its title character , is repellantly out of control . 	UNK
is so often nearly nothing 	UNK
to bodacious 	UNK
a more credible script , 	UNK
he allows nothing to get in the way 	UNK
comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs . 	UNK
effortless performance 	UNK
, virulent and foul-natured 	UNK
( gosling 's ) combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence 	UNK
` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and 	UNK
surprises or delights 	UNK
talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture . 	UNK
's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish 	UNK
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary 	UNK
's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget . 	UNK
honest observations 	UNK
the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but 	UNK
where it plainly has no business going 	UNK
the franchise 's best years are long past 	UNK
filter out the complexity 	UNK
( a ) rather thinly-conceived movie . 	UNK
and diesel is n't the actor to save it . 	UNK
a not-so-divine secrets 	UNK
spend with these people 	UNK
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone . 	UNK
should be doing a lot of things , but does n't 	UNK
from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell 	UNK
, and larded with exposition 	UNK
generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull 	UNK
simple , poignant and leavened 	UNK
's definite room for improvement 	UNK
're going to face frightening late fees 	UNK
fun and reminiscent 	UNK
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement 	UNK
an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike 	UNK
never comes close to recovering from its demented premise 	UNK
of the year 's best films 	UNK
's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages 	UNK
scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . 	UNK
addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row 	UNK
it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion . 	UNK
dull and 	UNK
a cartoon ? 	UNK
has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness . 	UNK
the year 's best films 	UNK
the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying -- like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming 	UNK
, then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable 	UNK
off-beat 	UNK
the movie 's set 	UNK
fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious 	UNK
with humor and lightness 	UNK
this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson 's e ! 	UNK
is like a year late 	UNK
it 's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to . 	UNK
truly annoying 	UNK
touching movie 	UNK
, shrek ) 	UNK
least favorite 	UNK
terrific job 	UNK
may pander to our basest desires for payback 	UNK
still show virtually no understanding of it 	UNK
as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism 	UNK
this movie makes one thing perfectly clear 	UNK
splendid production design 	UNK
the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen 	UNK
who can out-bad-act the other 	UNK
has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue 	UNK
veracity 	UNK
strong script 	UNK
george orwell turning over 	UNK
puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula . 	UNK
mean 	UNK
a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups . 	UNK
into such fresh territory 	UNK
it is cruel 	UNK
of empathy for its characters 	UNK
10 	UNK
hollywood confection 	UNK
the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art 	UNK
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , 	UNK
makes his films so memorable 	UNK
this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll . 	UNK
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch 	UNK
the performances of the children , untrained in acting 	UNK
a cinema classic 	UNK
the tooth and claw of human power 	UNK
considerable talents 	UNK
pure over-the-top trash 	UNK
reach much further than we imagine . 	UNK
of using george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks 	UNK
might like and more experimental in its storytelling 	UNK
not taken 	UNK
designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it 	UNK
full of privileged moments and memorable performances 	UNK
the , yes , snail-like pacing and 	UNK
a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch 	UNK
expands 	UNK
the fast , funny , and even touching story 	UNK
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and 	UNK
feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies 	UNK
the heart as well as 	UNK
thornberrys movie 	UNK
, a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . 	UNK
have a cute partnership in i spy 	UNK
the right b-movie frame of mind 	UNK
lacks the skill or presence 	UNK
very bright 	UNK
watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy 	UNK
newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and 	UNK
amounts to surprisingly little 	UNK
falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting . 	UNK
did n't care 	UNK
see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway 	UNK
a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies 	UNK
actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen 	UNK
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and 	UNK
martha stewart decorating program run amok 	UNK
eerily accurate depiction of depression 	UNK
why it works as well as it does 	UNK
a dullard 	UNK
kills every sense of believability 	UNK
devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot 	UNK
hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare . 	UNK
of eager fans 	UNK
predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics 	UNK
its performances 	UNK
acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , 	UNK
engross even the most antsy youngsters 	UNK
its moviegoing pleasures 	UNK
nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie 	UNK
fills time 	UNK
affair , 	UNK
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life . 	UNK
give all three stories life 	UNK
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap . 	UNK
a fairy tale 	UNK
, this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention . 	UNK
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but 	UNK
great character interaction . 	UNK
it looks good , but it is essentially empty . 	UNK
bowser 	UNK
insomnia is one of the year 's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances . 	UNK
a stylistic romp that 's always fun to watch . 	UNK
runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance . 	UNK
all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings 	UNK
an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals 	UNK
a glimmer 	UNK
overstating 	UNK
it 's a ripper of a yarn and 	UNK
a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people 	UNK
, it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . 	UNK
every suspenseful cliché 	UNK
other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital 	UNK
its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor 	UNK
is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role . 	UNK
, really good 	UNK
mr. scorsese 's 	UNK
, deeply unsettling experience 	UNK
a few other decent ones 	UNK
the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks 	UNK
to go down with a ship as leaky as this 	UNK
have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart . 	UNK
on the amateurish 	UNK
mess 	UNK
a dickensian hero 	UNK
the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness 	UNK
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious 	UNK
legged freaks 	UNK
is not easily forgotten 	UNK
how about surprising us by trying something new ? 	UNK
seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover 	UNK
something purer 	UNK
plodding teen remake 	UNK
a bad sign 	UNK
little alien 	UNK
unconditional 	UNK
underestimated charm 	UNK
the desperation of a very insecure man 	UNK
crushed 	UNK
a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback 	UNK
it 's fun 	UNK
offers no new insight on the matter , 	UNK
gets vivid , convincing performances 	UNK
crafty and 	UNK
so distant 	UNK
to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time 	UNK
each watered down the version of the one before 	UNK
of a triumph 	UNK
's the mark of a documentary that works 	UNK
shapeless and 	UNK
funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness . 	UNK
to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is 	UNK
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself ... losin ' his fan base ... 	UNK
in formula crash-and-bash action 	UNK
, he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long . 	UNK
the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length 	UNK
a total lack of empathy 	UNK
'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard . 	UNK
tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 	UNK
uplifting , funny and wise . 	UNK
occasionally fun enough 	UNK
, warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy . 	UNK
represents glossy hollywood at its laziest 	UNK
from such a great one 	UNK
static 	UNK
to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture 	UNK
is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting 	UNK
road to perdition does display greatness 	UNK
humorous , illuminating study 	UNK
a man leaving the screening said the film was better than saving private ryan . 	UNK
slam-dunk 	UNK
i laughed throughout the movie 	UNK
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 	UNK
integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy 	UNK
has nothing else to watch 	UNK
critic-proof 	UNK
grossest 	UNK
unadulterated thrills 	UNK
that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful 	UNK
on an elegant visual sense and a talent 	UNK
a problem hollywood too long has ignored 	UNK
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold . 	UNK
desperation and cinematic deception 	UNK
an awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work 	UNK
distracting special effects and visual party tricks 	UNK
overtly silly 	UNK
more focused 	UNK
although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense . 	UNK
leave their families 	UNK
sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters 	UNK
some strong performances 	UNK
loud and thoroughly 	UNK
happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ? 	UNK
the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater 	UNK
life , hand gestures , and 	UNK
is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice . 	UNK
extraordinary debut from josh koury 	UNK
reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk 	UNK
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy 	UNK
the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame . 	UNK
and vin diesel is the man . 	UNK
a well-put-together piece of urban satire 	UNK
of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd 	UNK
unspeakable 	UNK
they will have a showdown 	UNK
wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination 	UNK
a fanciful drama about napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility . 	UNK
may take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours . 	UNK
love , longing 	UNK
exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters 	UNK
principled 	UNK
the unique way shainberg 	UNK
so heartwarmingly 	UNK
the film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled . 	UNK
all the more remarkable because it 	UNK
wise folks that they are 	UNK
how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie 	UNK
lots of effort and intelligence 	UNK
leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face 	UNK
90-minute postmodern voyage 	UNK
there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to resist . 	UNK
is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work 	UNK
... liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . 	UNK
an awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work . 	UNK
witless and utterly pointless 	UNK
honesty and respect 	UNK
in his chilling , unnerving film 	UNK
despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing . 	UNK
who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up 	UNK
it will warm your heart , and 	UNK
audacity and 	UNK
high water mark 	UNK
into this turkey 	UNK
hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking 	UNK
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces . 	UNK
offers opportunities for occasional smiles and 	UNK
pays off , 	UNK
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow . 	UNK
multi-layered and profoundly 	UNK
such a clever adaptation 	UNK
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but 	UNK
make the stones weep -- as shameful as it 	UNK
seen it all before 	UNK
its sunny disposition 	UNK
great material 	UNK
provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending . 	UNK
lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving . 	UNK
show-stoppingly 	UNK
the problem with the film 	UNK
a grand picture 	UNK
a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events . 	UNK
a sheer unbridled delight 	UNK
are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent . 	UNK
inherently 	UNK
is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through . 	UNK
encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow 	UNK
in an inarticulate screenplay 	UNK
a giant step backward for a director i admire 	UNK
's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish . 	UNK
crap is what i was expecting 	UNK
a kingdom more mild than wild 	UNK
word ` dog ' 	UNK
the narration helps little 	UNK
an ambitious movie that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough 	UNK
this strangely schizo cartoon 	UNK
crafted but 	UNK
is not even half the interest 	UNK
children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation 	UNK
highly polished 	UNK
sustains it 	UNK
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director 	UNK
try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson 	UNK
choppy 	UNK
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , 	UNK
undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece 	UNK
zippy jazzy score 	UNK
to the background -- a welcome step 	UNK
offers rare insight into the structure of relationships 	UNK
it made me feel unclean , and 	UNK
nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato . 	UNK
real laughs 	UNK
sorvino 	UNK
its sensitive handling 	UNK
the movie is amateurish , but it 's a minor treat . 	UNK
than special effects 	UNK
not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans . 	UNK
stylish psychological 	UNK
cultural differences 	UNK
neglects 	UNK
more than satisfactory 	UNK
this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , 	UNK
it 's such a mechanical endeavor ( that ) it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it . 	UNK
, it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images . 	UNK
that started with a great premise and then just fell apart 	UNK
meets those standards 	UNK
tattered 	UNK
fantastic ! 	UNK
uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter 	UNK
they 're clueless and inept 	UNK
, human moments 	UNK
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs. robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women . 	UNK
a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing 	UNK
a devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism . 	UNK
escape story 	UNK
fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters 	UNK
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , 	UNK
pissed off 	UNK
told well by a master storyteller 	UNK
all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance 	UNK
most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence . 	UNK
to south seas islanders 	UNK
together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love 	UNK
ideas and wry comic mayhem 	UNK
's a lot richer than the ones 	UNK
a classic genre 	UNK
any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look . 	UNK
about either the nature of women or 	UNK
a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- 	UNK
' it also rocks . 	UNK
fresh 	UNK
a classical actress 	UNK
where something 's happening 	UNK
neo-nazism 	UNK
amusing , tender and heart-wrenching 	UNK
stories drowned by all too clever complexity 	UNK
watchable stuff 	UNK
hard-sell 	UNK
you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises . 	UNK
its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work . 	UNK
diane lane 's sophisticated performance 	UNK
even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon . 	UNK
the still-inestimable contribution 	UNK
elbowed aside by one-liners 	UNK
can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art . 	UNK
innocent , childlike and inherently funny 	UNK
is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs . 	UNK
'll enjoy this movie . 	UNK
fourth-rate 	UNK
a big , juicy role 	UNK
though filmed partly in canada , paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years . 	UNK
and in a sense , that 's a liability . 	UNK
`` red dragon '' never cuts corners . 	UNK
it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness 	UNK
such fresh territory 	UNK
staggeringly compelling character 	UNK
sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit . 	UNK
conventional , but well-crafted 	UNK
infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . 	UNK
dashing and absorbing 	UNK
the maudlin way its story unfolds 	UNK
capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere 	UNK
if you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work . 	UNK
who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts 	UNK
real visual charge 	UNK
wise , wizened 	UNK
a fairly weak retooling 	UNK
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable . 	UNK
worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america 	UNK
soul-stirring 	UNK
you can find humor 	UNK
cultural 	UNK
death might be a release . 	UNK
both innocent and jaded 	UNK
in space , no one can hear you snore 	UNK
it might have held my attention , but 	UNK
does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half 	UNK
a fake street drama that keeps telling you 	UNK
spectacularly ugly-looking 	UNK
brash , intelligent 	UNK
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film 	UNK
the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge 	UNK
a well-done film 	UNK
's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought . 	UNK
arresting little ride 	UNK
conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism 	UNK
speak fluent flatula 	UNK
disagree 	UNK
great performance 	UNK
, e.t. remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career . 	UNK
tell you 	UNK
seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed 	UNK
scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it 	UNK
to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack 	UNK
achingly honest and 	UNK
remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career 	UNK
masterful work 	UNK
its tragic waste 	UNK
across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited 	UNK
the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze 	UNK
it does cathartic truth telling 	UNK
high 	UNK
argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock . 	UNK
in your face for two hours 	UNK
moronic as some campus 	UNK
despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie 	UNK
the place where a masterpiece should be 	UNK
bang-up job 	UNK
have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie 	UNK
breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting . 	UNK
the makers of mothman prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad . 	UNK
they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds . 	UNK
uncompromising 	UNK
agonizing 	UNK
find a spark of its own 	UNK
, touching 	UNK
gay s/m fantasy 	UNK
kids do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people . 	UNK
there are plenty of scenes in frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself . 	UNK
puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously 	UNK
persuasive 	UNK
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it 	UNK
she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile 	UNK
leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied 	UNK
a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation 	UNK
bon appétit ! 	UNK
against itself 	UNK
one of the biggest disappointments of the year 	UNK
shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera 	UNK
of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes 	UNK
poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws 	UNK
film that will enthrall the whole family . 	UNK
is to substitute plot for personality 	UNK
an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture . 	UNK
is , also , frequently hilarious . 	UNK
is that it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness . 	UNK
gives the lie 	UNK
take nothing seriously and 	UNK
is dark , brooding and slow , and 	UNK
we have no idea what in creation is going on 	UNK
of this emotional car-wreck 	UNK
remains undiminished 	UNK
sure , i hated myself in the morning . 	UNK
the price 	UNK
never quite justifies its own existence . 	UNK
a psycho 	UNK
a tremendous piece 	UNK
a fireworks 	UNK
is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick 	UNK
knockoff 	UNK
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore 	UNK
over-the-top , and amateurish 	UNK
terrible movie 	UNK
as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making 	UNK
creating the characters who surround frankie 	UNK
losing 	UNK
a way of seeping into your consciousness 	UNK
labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . 	UNK
the best and most exciting movies 	UNK
gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people 	UNK
ms. griffiths and mr. pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy . 	UNK
gives you an idea just how bad it was 	UNK
is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own . 	UNK
's undone by a sloppy script 	UNK
the picture is in trouble 	UNK
follows its standard formula in this animated adventure 	UNK
a revealing look at the collaborative process 	UNK
part of being a good documentarian 	UNK
had a sense of humor 	UNK
completely predictable plot 	UNK
with such sensitivity 	UNK
bad singer-turned actors 	UNK
a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story . 	UNK
it 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing . 	UNK
locales 	UNK
a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess 	UNK
the joie de vivre even as he creates 	UNK
the action here is unusually tame 	UNK
talented friends 	UNK
to get excited about on this dvd 	UNK
the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 	UNK
what 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director 's talent . 	UNK
is often way off 	UNK
marvelously entertaining and deliriously 	UNK
purpose and even-handedness 	UNK
pretty 	UNK
a sparkling newcomer 	UNK
a thriller without a lot of thrills 	UNK
many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 	UNK
employ their quirky and fearless ability 	UNK
a rather tired 	UNK
minutely detailed wonders 	UNK
it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment 	UNK
and interesting characters 	UNK
she 's pretty and she can act 	UNK
a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid 	UNK
small in scope , yet perfectly formed 	UNK
'd be lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow 	UNK
evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits . 	UNK
's a bargain-basement european pickup 	UNK
old-fashioned adventure 	UNK
it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies 	UNK
the waste 	UNK
, the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining 	UNK
( fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall ) show us the world they love and make us love it , too . 	UNK
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... the château is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten . 	UNK
an enjoyable 100 minutes 	UNK
an elegance and maturity 	UNK
best actors 	UNK
designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it . 	UNK
signing 	UNK
remarkable because it 	UNK
characters who are nearly impossible to care about 	UNK
suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics 	UNK
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn 	UNK
a gripping documentary 	UNK
has deftly trimmed dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness . 	UNK
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging . 	UNK
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed . 	UNK
sick sense 	UNK
clear-eyed portrait 	UNK
dry wit and compassion 	UNK
succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack . 	UNK
the world 's most generic rock star 	UNK
is essentially a `` dungeons and dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry 	UNK
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and 	UNK
lots of cute animals and clumsy people 	UNK
it has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references . 	UNK
is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of variety 	UNK
a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- 	UNK
's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire ! 	UNK
an unpleasantly 	UNK
over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own 	UNK
can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head 	UNK
in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses . 	UNK
winningly 	UNK
funny moment 	UNK
robert duvall 	UNK
because there is no foundation for it 	UNK
a breath 	UNK
tastelessness 	UNK
, the country bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio . 	UNK
pack a powerful emotional wallop 	UNK
it 's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant . 	UNK
eviction 	UNK
addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage 	UNK
such a stultifying 	UNK
looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel 	UNK
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year 	UNK
i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that 	UNK
atypically hypnotic 	UNK
charming and evoking 	UNK
all , a great party 	UNK
instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture 	UNK
if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller 	UNK
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , 	UNK
drown yourself 	UNK
well worth watching 	UNK
shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling 	UNK
that it 's a brazenly misguided project 	UNK
written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience 	UNK
exceedingly rare films 	UNK
best sports movie 	UNK
struck a chord in me 	UNK
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid 	UNK
director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters . 	UNK
the movie is rather choppy . 	UNK
successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling . 	UNK
art film 	UNK
both sitcomishly predictable and cloying 	UNK
salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film . 	UNK
there is greatness here . 	UNK
movie sputters 	UNK
not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' 	UNK
brave , uninhibited performances 	UNK
the cinematic canon 	UNK
, look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls 	UNK
fun . 	UNK
the best looking and stylish 	UNK
jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar . 	UNK
, but your ego 	UNK
juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks 	UNK
brilliantly constructed work . 	UNK
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories 	UNK
, queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle . 	UNK
enjoyable comedy 	UNK
it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships . 	UNK
need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry 	UNK
all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) 	UNK
's lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x. 	UNK
charmless and 	UNK
mean-spirited 	UNK
lopez romantic comedy 	UNK
mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery 	UNK
its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls 	UNK
verges on the amateurish 	UNK
they help increase an average student 's self-esteem 	UNK
it makes your teeth hurt 	UNK
labored gags 	UNK
you wish you had n't seen 	UNK
stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy 	UNK
wo n't be sorry 	UNK
due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue 	UNK
because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks 	UNK
wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned 	UNK
have required genuine acting from ms. spears 	UNK
saddled 	UNK
, unforced 	UNK
has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness . 	UNK
a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise 	UNK
human nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart . 	UNK
try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching . 	UNK
scoob 	UNK
a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist 	UNK
delights 	UNK
( has ) an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 's all true . 	UNK
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick . 	UNK
an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief 	UNK
make you reach for the tissues 	UNK
a lousy script , 	UNK
's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone 	UNK
some serious issues 	UNK
it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored 	UNK
will linger long after this film has ended . 	UNK
has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films 	UNK
will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- 	UNK
elegantly colorful look 	UNK
sappy and amateurish 	UNK
a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world . 	UNK
, this movie proves you wrong on both counts . 	UNK
of family tradition and familial community 	UNK
when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs. woo , it looks like woo 's a p.o.w. 	UNK
of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface 	UNK
utter mush ... 	UNK
a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics 	UNK
, this is the one . 	UNK
a terrific job 	UNK
knowledge , education , and 	UNK
all of this , and more 	UNK
lacks dramatic punch and depth . 	UNK
paranoid and unlikable 	UNK
robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show . 	UNK
tells a fascinating , compelling story 	UNK
an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love 	UNK
and engaging film 	UNK
trembling and gratitude 	UNK
the grandeur of the best next generation episodes 	UNK
nothing else to watch 	UNK
a journey back to your childhood 	UNK
fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , 	UNK
whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism 	UNK
feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective . 	UNK
tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock 	UNK
, it 's as good as you remember . 	UNK
spiffy bluescreen technique 	UNK
most frantic , virulent and foul-natured 	UNK
rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over 	UNK
wo n't be sitting through this one again 	UNK
to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie 	UNK
we 're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she 's french 	UNK
of the things costner movies are known for 	UNK
that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating 	UNK
to finally revel in its splendor 	UNK
a captivating new film . 	UNK
is simply too overdone . 	UNK
greatly enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary . 	UNK
, with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling . 	UNK
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does 	UNK
play one lewd scene after another 	UNK
why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed 	UNK
a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life 	UNK
violent , vulgar and forgettably 	UNK
the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok . 	UNK
is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project 	UNK
deeply appealing 	UNK
you 'll need a stronger stomach than us . 	UNK
shrill and soporific , and because 	UNK
'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away . 	UNK
this slick and sprightly cgi feature 	UNK
is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief . 	UNK
there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . 	UNK
a decent-enough nail-biter 	UNK
trying to create something original 	UNK
redeemed 	UNK
tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel 	UNK
for every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . 	UNK
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb 	UNK
utilizes the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work 	UNK
drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage 	UNK
killer soundtrack 	UNK
with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender 	UNK
anchoring 	UNK
the glaring triteness of the plot device 	UNK
plodding , 	UNK
never comes together 	UNK
compelling enough 	UNK
bad behavior 	UNK
the writing is indifferent , and 	UNK
only so much baked cardboard 	UNK
four star performance 	UNK
sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material . 	UNK
takes its title all too literally 	UNK
is surprisingly brilliant , 	UNK
lighthearted 	UNK
it 's plotless , shapeless -- and 	UNK
torn book jacket 	UNK
freshness and spirit 	UNK
, it 's not very interesting . 	UNK
enough of interest onscreen 	UNK
more unmentionable subjects 	UNK
overcome the triviality of the story 	UNK
thoroughly engrossing 	UNK
that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films 	UNK
why ? 	UNK
uselessly 	UNK
it 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , 	UNK
is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans . 	UNK
the santa clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry . 	UNK
a bit of a phony relationship 	UNK
buzz , blab and money 	UNK
floundering way 	UNK
though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction 	UNK
those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up 	UNK
the dutiful precision of a tax accountant 	UNK
the superficial way it deals with its story 	UNK
makes it seem fresh again . 	UNK
neat premise 	UNK
directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured 	UNK
bloody 	UNK
completely ridiculous 	UNK
the success 	UNK
a superlative b movie -- 	UNK
a very old-school kind 	UNK
what 's worse is that pelosi knows it . 	UNK
otherwise talented 	UNK
after the clever credits roll 	UNK
of a river of sadness that pours into every frame 	UNK
does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies 	UNK
probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises 	UNK
like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend 	UNK
dreary tale of middle-class angst 	UNK
the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and 	UNK
less of a trifle 	UNK
it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera . 	UNK
an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long 	UNK
in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario 	UNK
be utterly entranced by its subject and 	UNK
one of the rarest kinds of films 	UNK
is grisly . 	UNK
had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , 	UNK
the treat 	UNK
most beautiful , evocative works 	UNK
ca n't rescue this effort . 	UNK
where santa gives gifts to grownups 	UNK
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , 	UNK
a possible argentine american beauty reeks 	UNK
is first-rate , especially sorvino 	UNK
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and 	UNK
awful sour taste 	UNK
a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between highlander and lolita . 	UNK
an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair 	UNK
vision is beginning to feel 	UNK
is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams 	UNK
what ( frei ) gives us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows . 	UNK
a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless 	UNK
unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . 	UNK
she had to sit through it again 	UNK
definitely gives you something to chew on 	UNK
more unattractive or odorous 	UNK
that assumes you are n't very bright 	UNK
while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special 	UNK
dead dog 	UNK
that is beyond playing fair with the audience 	UNK
degrades its characters , its stars and its audience 	UNK
a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone 	UNK
fresh and 	UNK
i have returned from the beyond to warn you 	UNK
music and laughter 	UNK
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but 	UNK
grayish 	UNK
his craft 	UNK
than to show us a good time 	UNK
an interesting bit 	UNK
as pure over-the-top trash 	UNK
in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice 	UNK
horrible 	UNK
the downward spiral comes to pass 	UNK
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ... 	UNK
's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty 	UNK
smarter and much 	UNK
beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather 	UNK
not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	UNK
to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore . 	UNK
sheer dumbness 	UNK
a return to form for director peter bogdanovich 	UNK
deeply touched by this movie 	UNK
anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair 	UNK
of bewitched that takes place during spring break 	UNK
the performances are an absolute joy . 	UNK
a gorgeous film - 	UNK
plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' 	UNK
a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie 	UNK
told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue 	UNK
unsettling , memorable cinematic experience 	UNK
the best war movies 	UNK
has done excellent work here . 	UNK
next movie 	UNK
horrifyingly , ever 	UNK
an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys 	UNK
win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews 	UNK
a deeper story 	UNK
think this movie loves women at all 	UNK
unwary viewers 	UNK
sweetness , clarity and emotional openness 	UNK
every bad action-movie line in history 	UNK
humor and heart 	UNK
quietly affecting cop drama 	UNK
unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes . 	UNK
in some evocative shades 	UNK
only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes 	UNK
that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer 	UNK
does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez . 	UNK
it 's leaden and predictable , 	UNK
many of these gross 	UNK
in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal 	UNK
seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film 	UNK
both damning and damned compelling . 	UNK
that `` gangs '' is never lethargic 	UNK
rambling examination 	UNK
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving 	UNK
untrained in acting 	UNK
, flawless film , ( wang ) emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers . 	UNK
, cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone . 	UNK
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual . 	UNK
( `` safe conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes 	UNK
a supernatural mystery that does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama . 	UNK
enticing and often funny documentary 	UNK
it is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film . 	UNK
half past dead is just such an achievement . 	UNK
the direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why . 	UNK
that watching it leaves you giddy 	UNK
provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket 	UNK
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses 	UNK
offers some flashy twists and 	UNK
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf 	UNK
all arty and jazzy 	UNK
heart-pounding 	UNK
fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters . 	UNK
manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie 	UNK
the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people 	UNK
the gags are often a stitch . 	UNK
unusual but unfortunately also 	UNK
none of this is meaningful or memorable 	UNK
fantastically 	UNK
all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon 	UNK
with such good humor 	UNK
tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot . 	UNK
a trove of delights 	UNK
part of the film 's cheeky charm 	UNK
a more balanced or fair portrayal 	UNK
potent 	UNK
transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories 	UNK
going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together 	UNK
for its elegantly colorful look and sound 	UNK
`` orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . 	UNK
and that is where ararat went astray . 	UNK
bull sessions 	UNK
, ponderous and charmless 	UNK
own quirky hipness 	UNK
a bad run in the market or a costly divorce 	UNK
painful to watch 	UNK
been so aggressively anti-erotic 	UNK
's little to recommend snow dogs , 	UNK
other than fling gags at it 	UNK
( leigh ) has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable . 	UNK
warm , enveloping affection 	UNK
both oscar winners 	UNK
the violence 	UNK
lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade 	UNK
worthy entry 	UNK
sleeper 	UNK
speaks volumes , 	UNK
peculiarly 	UNK
providing no real sense of suspense 	UNK
a torrent of emotion 	UNK
does no justice to the story itself 	UNK
like smoke signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 	UNK
involve a dentist drill 	UNK
a pitch-perfect holden 	UNK
a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public 	UNK
self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining . 	UNK
pretty weary 	UNK
our reality tv obsession , 	UNK
grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond 	UNK
exceeds 	UNK
compressed characterisations 	UNK
watery tones 	UNK
an important , original talent 	UNK
one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny 	UNK
that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement 	UNK
time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation . 	UNK
for beginners 	UNK
shining with all the usual spielberg flair , 	UNK
ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	UNK
an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get 	UNK
do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes 	UNK
below may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , 	UNK
klein 	UNK
leguizamo and jones are both excellent 	UNK
as beautifully shaped 	UNK
appetizing 	UNK
it 's refreshing to see a romance this smart . 	UNK
is certainly amusing 	UNK
see this terrific film with your kids 	UNK
pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations 	UNK
the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and 	UNK
curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner 	UNK
, manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . 	UNK
not to believe it 	UNK
to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks 	UNK
fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency . 	UNK
provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals 	UNK
genuine narrative 	UNK
collapses when mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush 	UNK
this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman 's warmest . 	UNK
the series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives 	UNK
this is the best star trek movie in a long time . 	UNK
presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years . 	UNK
two-bit potboiler . 	UNK
's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled 	UNK
a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty . 	UNK
, mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it . 	UNK
hypnotic portrait 	UNK
attractive young leads 	UNK
a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan 	UNK
is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . 	UNK
beautiful and 	UNK
compelling allegory 	UNK
terrific computer graphics , 	UNK
powerful 1957 drama 	UNK
young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig 	UNK
run for your lives ! 	UNK
yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults . 	UNK
goodies 	UNK
, eloquence , spiritual challenge 	UNK
's definitely worth 	UNK
far better 	UNK
's never too late to learn 	UNK
mournful 	UNK
if you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you 're at the right film . 	UNK
the histrionic muse 	UNK
get paid enough to sit through crap like this 	UNK
's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here 	UNK
its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction 	UNK
ultimately satisfies with its moving story 	UNK
most romantic comedies , 	UNK
with few respites 	UNK
kim ki-deok seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested . 	UNK
a tired , unnecessary retread ... 	UNK
is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance . 	UNK
guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor . 	UNK
, is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 	UNK
a mostly magnificent directorial career , 	UNK
audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter 	UNK
who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man 	UNK
are simply too bland to be interesting 	UNK
black indomitability 	UNK
shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . 	UNK
souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in 	UNK
real contenders 	UNK
looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships 	UNK
prima 	UNK
it will just as likely make you weep , 	UNK
about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption 	UNK
seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent 	UNK
most at women 's expense 	UNK
to its superior cast 	UNK
cheap junk and 	UNK
inside information 	UNK
images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic 	UNK
supposedly authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment . 	UNK
the right movie 	UNK
too literally 	UNK
has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it . 	UNK
a flat script and 	UNK
, it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken . 	UNK
is delightful in the central role . 	UNK
fearless purity 	UNK
falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting 	UNK
beneath it 	UNK
takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion . 	UNK
more elves and snow and 	UNK
stiff and 	UNK
is n't as funny 	UNK
is high on squaddie banter , low 	UNK
like the rock on a wal-mart budget 	UNK
if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo . 	UNK
puts washington , as honest working man john q. archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher 	UNK
, all credibility flies out the window . 	UNK
a good chance 	UNK
it 's a masterpiece . 	UNK
pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans 	UNK
` the château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . ' 	UNK
its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and 	UNK
the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly . 	UNK
catch me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark . 	UNK
pointless , stupid 	UNK
is repellantly out of control 	UNK
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , 	UNK
to be bored by as your abc 's 	UNK
realize there 's no place for this story to go but down 	UNK
with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future 	UNK
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny 	UNK
$ 1.8 million charmer 	UNK
the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication . 	UNK
is painful to watch 	UNK
are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue 	UNK
as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired . 	UNK
pushed to their most virtuous limits , 	UNK
sick sight 	UNK
over-dramatic 	UNK
cheapen the overall effect 	UNK
is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them 	UNK
is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor . 	UNK
highlight 	UNK
will ever be anything more than losers 	UNK
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; 	UNK
pungent 	UNK
could very well clinch him this year 's razzie . 	UNK
a well-crafted letdown . 	UNK
that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant 	UNK
sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life . 	UNK
the universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran . ' 	UNK
angel of death 	UNK
of gentle longing 	UNK
cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes . 	UNK
it 's a scorcher . 	UNK
an empty exercise 	UNK
, more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm . 	UNK
no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence 	UNK
full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing 	UNK
the genre and another first-rate performance 	UNK
falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on saturday night live . ' 	UNK
's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more 	UNK
visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor . 	UNK
often funny 	UNK
formal settings with motionless characters 	UNK
of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work 	UNK
, metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile . 	UNK
predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , 	UNK
likable movie 	UNK
an ugly , revolting movie 	UNK
it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme 	UNK
the best brush 	UNK
an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening 	UNK
that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 	UNK
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man 	UNK
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless 	UNK
that rare creature -- 	UNK
is smarter and subtler 	UNK
stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry 	UNK
to waste their time 	UNK
that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears 	UNK
is one of the biggest disappointments of the year 	UNK
my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow 	UNK
you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson 	UNK
worth a look as a curiosity . 	UNK
an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , 	UNK
spontaneity in its execution and 	UNK
where big stars and high production values are standard procedure 	UNK
never feels derivative 	UNK
lacks it 	UNK
stop watching 	UNK
is smart 	UNK
of the theater 	UNK
this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot 	UNK
good intentions leads to the video store 	UNK
a fine effort , 	UNK
's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes 	UNK
does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue . 	UNK
magnificent swooping aerial shots 	UNK
smarter than its commercials make it seem . 	UNK
i love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 . 	UNK
just zings along with vibrance and warmth . 	UNK
is simply not enough of interest onscreen 	UNK
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams . 	UNK
the writing is clever 	UNK
a tiresome cliché 	UNK
that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen 	UNK
an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist 	UNK
disreputable 	UNK
terrific 	UNK
speculative effort 	UNK
like a cheap lawn chair 	UNK
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i 	UNK
screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum 	UNK
ready-made midnight movie 	UNK
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic 	UNK
intoxicating atmosphere and 	UNK
rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day . 	UNK
its overall sense of mystery 	UNK
his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows 	UNK
while there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it does n't . 	UNK
creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic 	UNK
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work 	UNK
visually compelling 	UNK
recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots 	UNK
brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch . 	UNK
to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show 	UNK
better script 	UNK
is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough 	UNK
a small movie 	UNK
a really strong second effort 	UNK
in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown 	UNK
silly subplots 	UNK
that 's always fun to watch 	UNK
appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness 	UNK
`` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods 	UNK
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch 	UNK
to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages 	UNK
difficulty 	UNK
tolerance and diversity 	UNK
emotionally strong 	UNK
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , 	UNK
plodding picture 	UNK
to seduce and conquer 	UNK
cinematic intoxication 	UNK
by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices 	UNK
three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut 	UNK
mira nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences 	UNK
of these young women 	UNK
a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture 	UNK
stodgy 	UNK
if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) 	UNK
's a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout . 	UNK
is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved 	UNK
, then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . 	UNK
affirming ' 	UNK
that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints 	UNK
more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie 	UNK
for kids , spirit 	UNK
with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas 	UNK
of intelligent humor 	UNK
weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , 	UNK
broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture 	UNK
of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically 	UNK
that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography 	UNK
most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up 	UNK
goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	UNK
... pray does n't have a passion for the material . 	UNK
a tour de force 	UNK
about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern 	UNK
surprisingly sweet and gentle 	UNK
results from adhering to the messiness of true stories 	UNK
is enormously good fun 	UNK
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen 	UNK
the absurdity of the premise 	UNK
an extraordinary poignancy 	UNK
was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism . 	UNK
if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera 	UNK
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck . 	UNK
feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series 	UNK
ca n't wait to see what the director does next 	UNK
passionate and 	UNK
the film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way . 	UNK
hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring 	UNK
buffoons 	UNK
the mediocre end 	UNK
denzel washington 's fine performance 	UNK
finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground 	UNK
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective . 	UNK
a casual intelligence that permeates the script 	UNK
perfectly clear 	UNK
ben kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad . 	UNK
every suspenseful cliché in the book 	UNK
getting the better of obnoxious adults 	UNK
's still not a good movie 	UNK
is n't as sharp as the original ... despite some visual virtues , ` blade ii ' just does n't cut it . 	UNK
it 's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there tolstoy groupies out there ? 	UNK
outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve 	UNK
splendid-looking as this particular film 	UNK
resistance and artistic transcendence 	UNK
, witty , improbable romantic comedy 	UNK
what they see in each other also is difficult to fathom . 	UNK
that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo 	UNK
absolutely 	UNK
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids 	UNK
( the film ) works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay . 	UNK
but it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker . 	UNK
something to be taken seriously 	UNK
's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison 	UNK
the mundane 	UNK
` god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . ' 	UNK
allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly . 	UNK
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , 	UNK
takes off in totally unexpected directions 	UNK
manipulative and as bland 	UNK
is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others . 	UNK
that the final product is a ghost 	UNK
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , 	UNK
having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count 	UNK
no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes 	UNK
the soggy performances 	UNK
as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 	UNK
-- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 	UNK
a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor 	UNK
from the ages 	UNK
makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film . 	UNK
a plethora of engaging diatribes 	UNK
, hypocritical 	UNK
the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases 	UNK
crisp framing , edgy camera work 	UNK
the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida 	UNK
is hard to tell who is chasing who or why 	UNK
been hoping for 	UNK
reminds us of our own responsibility 	UNK
robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . 	UNK
uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! '' 	UNK
the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it 's actually watchable . 	UNK
exhilarating , 	UNK
where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment . 	UNK
it 's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence . 	UNK
check your pulse . 	UNK
, humorous , illuminating study 	UNK
high-spirited buddy movie 	UNK
the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him 	UNK
a fun 	UNK
sleazy moralizing 	UNK
is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs 	UNK
large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride . 	UNK
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart . 	UNK
that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film 	UNK
gets around to its real emotional business , 	UNK
hey , happy ! 	UNK
to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some 	UNK
clever and very satisfying picture 	UNK
the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected 	UNK
amusing , sad and reflective 	UNK
'd watch these two together again in a new york minute . 	UNK
most interesting 	UNK
great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help 	UNK
derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- 	UNK
ca n't rescue adrian lyne 's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing . 	UNK
fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere 	UNK
it appears not to have been edited at all 	UNK
never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture . 	UNK
delicate 	UNK
's not just a feel-good movie 	UNK
leaden 	UNK
goes bump in the night and nobody cares 	UNK
that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually 	UNK
that 's neither completely enlightening , nor 	UNK
15 years old 	UNK
good things 	UNK
, chilling and heart-warming 	UNK
-- elegant technology for the masses -- 	UNK
no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- 	UNK
average bond 	UNK
indoor drama 	UNK
quite funny 	UNK
to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material 	UNK
( washington 's ) strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste 	UNK
low rate annie 	UNK
narrative grace 	UNK
as boring before i see this piece of crap again 	UNK
are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep . 	UNK
in its crapulence 	UNK
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , 	UNK
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy . 	UNK
's not original enough 	UNK
parapsychological 	UNK
carried out 	UNK
is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves 	UNK
a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall 	UNK
most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films 	UNK
standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm 	UNK
it also happens to be good 	UNK
put together with the preteen boy in mind . 	UNK
well-defined sense 	UNK
biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation . 	UNK
as a film director , labute continues to improve . 	UNK
throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull 	UNK
will please eastwood 's loyal fans 	UNK
to his people 	UNK
of its inventiveness 	UNK
an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher 	UNK
the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks 	UNK
watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , 	UNK
eventual cult classic 	UNK
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance 	UNK
this terrific film 	UNK
the shabby digital photography 	UNK
it 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what ( aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career 	UNK
an exit sign , that is . 	UNK
lacks juice and delight 	UNK
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk . 	UNK
by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen 	UNK
calculating fiend 	UNK
has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! '' 	UNK
in all , a great party 	UNK
this quality band 	UNK
pretentious , 	UNK
distinguishable 	UNK
in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care 	UNK
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices 	UNK
the worst possibilities of mankind 	UNK
for a bad film 	UNK
a satisfying destination 	UNK
ate a reeses 	UNK
a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child . 	UNK
draws us in long 	UNK
the nightmare 	UNK
riveting documentary . 	UNK
entertaining feature 	UNK
p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance and 	UNK
it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster 	UNK
, violent and mindless 	UNK
black hawk down with more heart 	UNK
it 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty . 	UNK
if downbeat , 	UNK
just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood 	UNK
very good 	UNK
wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie 	UNK
be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play 	UNK
lovely toward the end 	UNK
think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn 	UNK
that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it 	UNK
this filmmaker 's flailing reputation 	UNK
from largely flat and uncreative moments 	UNK
that steal your heart away 	UNK
bad at a fraction the budget 	UNK
interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic 	UNK
on and on to the point of nausea 	UNK
lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context . 	UNK
endear itself 	UNK
of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater 	UNK
is fantastic 	UNK
the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful 	UNK
because it has a bigger-name cast 	UNK
the high standards 	UNK
broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary . 	UNK
inescapable absurdities 	UNK
of outrageous force and craven concealment 	UNK
is capped with pointless extremes 	UNK
clever , offbeat and even gritty enough 	UNK
vivid , convincing performances 	UNK
love , longing , 	UNK
's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible 	UNK
transcend genre 	UNK
deftly captures 	UNK
if the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start . 	UNK
high standards 	UNK
its clumsiness 	UNK
, it is a great film . 	UNK
even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly 	UNK
me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch 	UNK
in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace 	UNK
thanks to the presence 	UNK
a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration . 	UNK
forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies . 	UNK
genre a bad name 	UNK
the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this ; i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear . 	UNK
my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it 	UNK
there are some laughs in this movie 	UNK
just does n't have big screen magic 	UNK
mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant 	UNK
potent exploration 	UNK
schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ... 	UNK
can fully succeed at cheapening it . 	UNK
it with ring , an indisputably spooky film 	UNK
the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste . 	UNK
does little here but point at things that explode into flame 	UNK
unholy 	UNK
as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful 	UNK
often demented in a good way , 	UNK
capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves 	UNK
4ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking . 	UNK
an extremely flat lead performance 	UNK
this is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year . 	UNK
is almost entirely witless and inane , 	UNK
is worse 	UNK
own idiosyncratic way 	UNK
the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 	UNK
rich and 	UNK
has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists 	UNK
typical toback machinations 	UNK
creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness 	UNK
enormous feeling 	UNK
an infinitely wittier version 	UNK
takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers . 	UNK
creative film 	UNK
singularly off-putting romantic comedy . 	UNK
anteing up some movie star charisma 	UNK
'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter 	UNK
does n't add anything fresh to the myth . 	UNK
good spirits 	UNK
the nonconformist in us 	UNK
blandness 	UNK
finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality . 	UNK
shift 	UNK
admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time . 	UNK
made off with your wallet 	UNK
the art demands live viewing . 	UNK
heartening in the same way 	UNK
you know the picture is in trouble . 	UNK
more goodies 	UNK
japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman ... 	UNK
subtlety and acumen 	UNK
the stills might make a nice coffee table book 	UNK
with spike lee 's masterful 	UNK
chimes in on the grieving process and 	UNK
bilked 	UNK
wiseman 's warmest 	UNK
captivating as the rowdy participants think it is 	UNK
behind cutesy film references 	UNK
, i have given this movie a rating of zero . 	UNK
if you go , pack your knitting needles . 	UNK
a witty , low-key romantic comedy 	UNK
is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed . 	UNK
many excesses 	UNK
mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists 	UNK
a modicum of patience 	UNK
for the toilet and scores a direct hit 	UNK
`` based on true events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face . 	UNK
distinguish one sci-fi work 	UNK
at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value 	UNK
idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger 	UNK
its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable 	UNK
like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive 	UNK
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible . 	UNK
they just do n't work in concert . 	UNK
even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention 	UNK
is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee 	UNK
a haunting sense of malaise 	UNK
happy , heady jumble 	UNK
, it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken 	UNK
lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile 	UNK
aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value 	UNK
combined with stunning animation . 	UNK
added disdain 	UNK
warmth and longing 	UNK
plain old 	UNK
is validated by the changing composition of the nation 	UNK
the promise of excitement 	UNK
scathing 	UNK
buckaroo 	UNK
competent performers 	UNK
grueling 	UNK
tv cop show cliches 	UNK
both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in 	UNK
to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state 	UNK
that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety 	UNK
works - mostly due to its superior cast 	UNK
a good old-fashioned adventure 	UNK
or , worse yet , nonexistent -- 	UNK
scotland , pa would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play . 	UNK
with grace and humor and 	UNK
a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood 	UNK
falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries 	UNK
you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen . 	UNK
a remarkably cohesive whole , 	UNK
slack complacency 	UNK
is the piece works brilliantly . 	UNK
minimal appreciation 	UNK
lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires 	UNK
even better 	UNK
, the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster . 	UNK
episode ii -- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight . 	UNK
ice age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up 	UNK
these people 	UNK
`` the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store '' 	UNK
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment 	UNK
reason to go 	UNK
of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress 	UNK
cheesy dialogue 	UNK
is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , 	UNK
is both a snore and utter tripe . 	UNK
is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless 	UNK
of a self-destructive man 	UNK
i last walked out on a movie 	UNK
is always sympathetic 	UNK
delightfully cheeky 	UNK
a thriller with an edge -- 	UNK
in the worst way 	UNK
an ease in front of the camera 	UNK
noisy and 	UNK
with attractive men 	UNK
straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company 	UNK
enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment 	UNK
unclean 	UNK
a portrait of alienation so perfect 	UNK
overwhelming pleasure 	UNK
lousy movie 	UNK
of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 	UNK
teaming 	UNK
is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally 	UNK
made up for its rather slow beginning 	UNK
quite the genre-busting film 	UNK
guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed 	UNK
episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust 	UNK
as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , 	UNK
what punk 	UNK
the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash 	UNK
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but 	UNK
of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice 	UNK
of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film 	UNK
love the robust middle of this picture 	UNK
filled with more holes than clyde barrow 's car 	UNK
sneering humor 	UNK
, you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort 	UNK
of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other 	UNK
everybody , wan na watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? 	UNK
most daring , and 	UNK
ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype . 	UNK
initially gripping , eventually cloying pow drama . 	UNK
not a classic , 	UNK
he script is n't up to the level of the direction 	UNK
the performances , for the most part , credible 	UNK
thought the relationships were wonderful 	UNK
combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream 	UNK
us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows 	UNK
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but 	UNK
of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller 	UNK
a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego . 	UNK
no lie 	UNK
no new friends 	UNK
more appealing holiday-season product 	UNK
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom 	UNK
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for 	UNK
while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be 	UNK
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy . 	UNK
artistic aspirations 	UNK
infamy 	UNK
swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings 	UNK
downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves 	UNK
this bold move works 	UNK
, grant and bullock 's characters are made for each other . 	UNK
is hartley 's least accessible screed yet . 	UNK
compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children . 	UNK
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view . 	UNK
leaves something to be desired . 	UNK
what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks 	UNK
several plodding action sequences 	UNK
a worthy entry 	UNK
is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean . 	UNK
yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth 	UNK
of dead bodies 	UNK
's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship . 	UNK
a sharp satire 	UNK
an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle . 	UNK
aimed at mom and dad 's wallet 	UNK
chilling 	UNK
the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be . 	UNK
the best kind 	UNK
skullduggery and 	UNK
competently directed but terminally cute drama . 	UNK
peril 	UNK
nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts -- is authentic . 	UNK
good measure 	UNK
bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie 	UNK
a heroine as feisty and 	UNK
romp of a film 	UNK
deserving of its critical backlash and more . 	UNK
a flashy editing style 	UNK
's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow 	UNK
this deeply touching melodrama 	UNK
that we have come to love 	UNK
, barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other . 	UNK
watchable 	UNK
is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years . 	UNK
's worth taking the kids to . 	UNK
ugly , revolting movie 	UNK
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime . 	UNK
but the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes . 	UNK
at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . 	UNK
achieved 	UNK
depressed about anything before watching this film 	UNK
* corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space 	UNK
light , silly 	UNK
the incessant use of cell phones 	UNK
of astonishing grandeur 	UNK
a depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women 	UNK
more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle 	UNK
moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say 	UNK
a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable . 	UNK
an undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation . 	UNK
takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it 	UNK
should have stayed there . 	UNK
a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of zishe and the fiery presence of hanussen 	UNK
unexpectedly moving meditation 	UNK
avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away 	UNK
too crude to serve the work especially well 	UNK
treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate 	UNK
` refreshing 	UNK
the cleverness , the weirdness and 	UNK
it 's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated . 	UNK
visually masterful 	UNK
slap her - she 's not funny 	UNK
highly pleasurable 	UNK
the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow 	UNK
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear . 	UNK
whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure 	UNK
full of life , hand gestures , and some 	UNK
the most exciting action films 	UNK
gradually sneaks up on the audience 	UNK
good old-fashioned adventure 	UNK
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : 	UNK
clear and reliable an authority 	UNK
boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances 	UNK
find millions of eager fans 	UNK
formidable arithmetic 	UNK
distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine 	UNK
for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs 	UNK
so appealing about the characters 	UNK
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted . 	UNK
love reading and/or poetry 	UNK
and powerful documentary 	UNK
is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original 	UNK
get him a few laughs but nothing else 	UNK
, the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first . 	UNK
it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon . 	UNK
explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily 	UNK
without much success 	UNK
comes far closer than many movies 	UNK
go hand in hand with talent 	UNK
a solidly entertaining 	UNK
nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while 	UNK
's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments 	UNK
for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 	UNK
slow and ponderous , but rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption 	UNK
long on glamour 	UNK
strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild . 	UNK
sweet and memorable film . 	UNK
nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale 	UNK
find that real natural , even-flowing tone 	UNK
harsh objectivity and refusal 	UNK
authentic account 	UNK
yet it 's potentially just as rewarding 	UNK
of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace 	UNK
anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation 	UNK
is clearly extraordinarily talented 	UNK
delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario 	UNK
something of a public service -- 	UNK
its thrills and extreme emotions 	UNK
, miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey . 	UNK
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , 	UNK
to send your regrets 	UNK
could fail to respond 	UNK
much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice 	UNK
with the best of them 	UNK
classic fairy tale 	UNK
the pretensions -- and disposable story -- 	UNK
was vile enough 	UNK
a bland 	UNK
punchier 	UNK
to the concept of loss 	UNK
paramount imprint 	UNK
to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout 	UNK
no rest period , no timeout 	UNK
all its excess debris 	UNK
mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway 	UNK
amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way . 	UNK
one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time . 	UNK
to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue 	UNK
much of it is funny 	UNK
an action hero with table manners 	UNK
love , memory , history and 	UNK
takes a sudden turn and devolves 	UNK
are totally estranged from reality . 	UNK
clichés . 	UNK
save everyone the misery 	UNK
is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it 	UNK
a puritanical brand of christianity 	UNK
make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 	UNK
replacing john carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage . 	UNK
's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly 	UNK
guessable from the first few minutes 	UNK
that quickly wears out its limited welcome 	UNK
new friends 	UNK
elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly 	UNK
by the shadowy lighting 	UNK
of important developments of the computer industry 	UNK
his top-notch creative team 	UNK
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day 	UNK
see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity 	UNK
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but 	UNK
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , 	UNK
watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? 	UNK
quiet family drama 	UNK
( the film ) tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it 's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful . 	UNK
is that it 's a brazenly misguided project 	UNK
vaguely interesting 	UNK
tickles the funny bone 	UNK
this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny 	UNK
struggling to create 	UNK
carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery 	UNK
i 've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie 	UNK
the lady and the duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective . 	UNK
graced 	UNK
predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael 	UNK
together frustrating difficult 	UNK
that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool 	UNK
the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill . 	UNK
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you . 	UNK
future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized 	UNK
it 's a talking head documentary , but a great one . 	UNK
great performances , stylish cinematography 	UNK
one of the best actors there is 	UNK
that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side 	UNK
outright newness 	UNK
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular . 	UNK
the stylistic rigors 	UNK
more contemporary 	UNK
as hilariously raunchy as south park 	UNK
marvelously 	UNK
to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face 	UNK
lousy 	UNK
beating the austin powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness . 	UNK
starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter . 	UNK
a good deal funnier than his original 	UNK
a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii 	UNK
drawn in by the sympathetic characters 	UNK
that make it well worth watching 	UNK
prepare to marvel again . 	UNK
even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out 	UNK
pristine 	UNK
as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery 	UNK
of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay 	UNK
strategies 	UNK
lagging near the finish line 	UNK
resident evil is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail . 	UNK
weak and strong 	UNK
it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films . 	UNK
has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises . 	UNK
nair 's cast is so large it 's altman-esque 	UNK
without bludgeoning the audience over the head 	UNK
does its predecessors proud 	UNK
, poignancy , and intelligence 	UNK
may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers . 	UNK
gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error 	UNK
an immensely appealing couple 	UNK
refreshes the mind and spirit 	UNK
the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout 	UNK
and unforgettable characters 	UNK
great 	UNK
a promising work-in-progress 	UNK
lush and beautifully 	UNK
funniest and most accurate 	UNK
feel like a 10-course banquet 	UNK
living harmoniously 	UNK
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality . 	UNK
keen insights 	UNK
is difficult to connect with on any deeper level 	UNK
... cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel . 	UNK
considered a funny little film 	UNK
engaged 	UNK
the value and respect 	UNK
worse stunt editing or 	UNK
dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera 	UNK
an excellent choice 	UNK
again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent 	UNK
sucking you 	UNK
particularly amateurish 	UNK
is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects 	UNK
infectious 	UNK
have a good shot at a hollywood career , 	UNK
of dramatic fireworks 	UNK
which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen 	UNK
their quirky inner selves 	UNK
smart comedy 	UNK
like whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people . 	UNK
someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film . 	UNK
the obnoxious special effects 	UNK
loud , bang-the-drum 	UNK
the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings 	UNK
takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze 	UNK
less funny than it should be and 	UNK
of those films that aims to confuse 	UNK
funniest person 	UNK
snail-like pacing 	UNK
naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; 	UNK
shot like a postcard 	UNK
false 	UNK
style , structure and rhythms 	UNK
visceral sensation 	UNK
has a monopoly on mindless action 	UNK
of work and 2002 's first great film 	UNK
outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks 	UNK
pure craft and passionate heart 	UNK
manual 	UNK
to get in the way 	UNK
thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign . 	UNK
loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience 	UNK
, treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . 	UNK
american sports 	UNK
nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy . 	UNK
perfectly rendered period piece 	UNK
schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness . 	UNK
lot to be desired 	UNK
is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . 	UNK
droll whimsy 	UNK
a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun 	UNK
a high-minded snoozer . 	UNK
hitler 's 	UNK
an admirable rigor 	UNK
less a movie 	UNK
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; 	UNK
epic four-hour indian musical 	UNK
is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes 	UNK
at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- i doubt it 	UNK
of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies 	UNK
stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions 	UNK
at odds with the rest of the film 	UNK
crapulence 	UNK
slick and manufactured to claim street credibility 	UNK
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance 	UNK
like silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin . 	UNK
leguizamo 's best movie work so far 	UNK
understated piece 	UNK
to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic 	UNK
ca n't recommend it . 	UNK
proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool 	UNK
, you 're far better served by the source material . 	UNK
her love depraved leads meet , ( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 	UNK
is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time . 	UNK
angry 	UNK
descends into sub-tarantino cuteness 	UNK
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop 	UNK
portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite 	UNK
unshapely 	UNK
bring something new 	UNK
bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	UNK
balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident . 	UNK
a cinematic fluidity and sense 	UNK
orgasm 	UNK
like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation . 	UNK
tub-thumpingly 	UNK
it 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but 	UNK
seeing justice served 	UNK
've told a nice little story in the process 	UNK
thought-provoking new york fest 	UNK
of an especially well-executed television movie 	UNK
good action , good acting , good dialogue 	UNK
animation back 30 years , 	UNK
keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists 	UNK
an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something 	UNK
a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil 	UNK
is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly 	UNK
would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at 	UNK
is n't very funny . 	UNK
does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects . 	UNK
elegantly produced and 	UNK
's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	UNK
tian 's meticulous talent 	UNK
gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre 	UNK
silly and overwrought 	UNK
the metaphors are provocative , but 	UNK
has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film 	UNK
may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season . 	UNK
do n't understand what on earth is going on 	UNK
their heroic capacity for good 	UNK
accomplishment 	UNK
gentle and biting 	UNK
of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid 	UNK
an intelligent weepy 	UNK
the charisma 	UNK
the scariest guy 	UNK
will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned 	UNK
rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ... 	UNK
's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting . 	UNK
anarchy 	UNK
most compelling 	UNK
only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond 	UNK
leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh 	UNK
a delightful little film 	UNK
of the hilarious writer-director himself 	UNK
on a wal-mart budget 	UNK
the truth about charlie is that it 's a brazenly misguided project . 	UNK
to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories 	UNK
the ultimate imax trip 	UNK
bored 	UNK
image-mongering 	UNK
you love him 	UNK
` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks 	UNK
dud from frame one 	UNK
gratuitous cinematic distractions 	UNK
is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise 	UNK
needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism 	UNK
can such a cold movie 	UNK
'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action 	UNK
is both stimulating and demanding . 	UNK
misogyny and unprovoked 	UNK
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all . 	UNK
no steve martin 	UNK
mediocre acting 	UNK
acted and directed 	UNK
exhausted by documentarians 	UNK
slummer 	UNK
an undeniably intriguing film 	UNK
downhill 	UNK
something to behold 	UNK
offended by his lack of faith in his audience 	UNK
a slight and uninventive movie 	UNK
just a waste 	UNK
gross romanticization of the delusional personality type 	UNK
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh 	UNK
natural running time 	UNK
its own preciousness 	UNK
a hypnotic portrait 	UNK
is actually one of its strengths . 	UNK
grew hideously twisted 	UNK
it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness . 	UNK
even the corniest and 	UNK
with pitch-perfect acting 	UNK
maintains suspense on different levels 	UNK
much of jonah simply , and gratefully , 	UNK
very good time 	UNK
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why ? ' 	UNK
you 'll forget about it by monday , though , 	UNK
could dredge up 	UNK
felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign 	UNK
something new 	UNK
come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick 	UNK
with calamity 	UNK
must be a serious contender for the title 	UNK
the cliché-riddled genre can offer 	UNK
crass , low-wattage endeavor 	UNK
what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognize any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map . 	UNK
are both superb , while huppert ... is magnificent 	UNK
anger 	UNK
the viewer expects something special but instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash . 	UNK
you are n't very bright 	UNK
scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys 	UNK
one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates 	UNK
narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power 	UNK
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently 	UNK
a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama 	UNK
his best-known creation 	UNK
a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis . 	UNK
in its own way , joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius . 	UNK
wise and powerful tale 	UNK
the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	UNK
by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm 	UNK
haul 'em to the theater 	UNK
a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories 	UNK
snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure 	UNK
does n't disappoint 	UNK
make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat 	UNK
this choppy and sloppy affair 	UNK
the cartoon 	UNK
two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity . 	UNK
looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary 	UNK
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman 	UNK
so many talented people were convinced to waste their time 	UNK
quirky rip-off prison 	UNK
that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company 	UNK
of the austin powers films 	UNK
how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan 	UNK
a very very strong `` b + 	UNK
a routine crime 	UNK
the movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value . 	UNK
accepting him 	UNK
was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism 	UNK
at least it 's a funny no-brainer 	UNK
go the distance 	UNK
stoked 	UNK
city by the sea swings from one 	UNK
, the update is dreary and sluggish . 	UNK
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised . 	UNK
a heartening tale of small victories and enduring 	UNK
is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 	UNK
as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop 	UNK
estranged gay and lesbian children 	UNK
a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth 	UNK
it 's as good as you remember . 	UNK
und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily 	UNK
a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism 	UNK
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough 	UNK
is pretty weary 	UNK
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end 	UNK
the observations 	UNK
joyous , turbulent self-discovery 	UNK
its soul 	UNK
auteuil is a goofy pleasure 	UNK
got to my inner nine-year-old 	UNK
but not without cheesy fun factor . 	UNK
is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book 	UNK
superficial and 	UNK
seems uncertain 	UNK
an a-list director 	UNK
imponderably stilted and 	UNK
is as visceral as a gut punch 	UNK
has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance 	UNK
'll have a good time with this one too 	UNK
viewers of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it . 	UNK
seem tired 	UNK
steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic . 	UNK
this film 's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition . 	UNK
offers chills 	UNK
all the stronger because of it 	UNK
what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special 	UNK
last walked out on a movie 	UNK
will love its fantasy and adventure 	UNK
the israeli/palestinian conflict as 	UNK
that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world 	UNK
gathering dust 	UNK
the robust middle of this picture 	UNK
dull procession 	UNK
it all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense 	UNK
land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place . 	UNK
between farcical and loathsome 	UNK
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , 	UNK
small but rewarding 	UNK
the ambiguous welcome 	UNK
teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop 	UNK
proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure 	UNK
this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy . 	UNK
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen . 	UNK
untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate 	UNK
the survivors 	UNK
i 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , 	UNK
unfulfilled 	UNK
lack-of-attention 	UNK
is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary 	UNK
an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 	UNK
cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron 	UNK
a measure of faith in the future 	UNK
i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed 	UNK
she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another 	UNK
sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati 	UNK
a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life . 	UNK
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... 	UNK
if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals 	UNK
wallowing in hormonal melodrama 	UNK
it 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly . 	UNK
to be clever , amusing and unpredictable 	UNK
gently funny , sweetly adventurous film 	UNK
adds a much needed moral weight 	UNK
filled with honest performances and exceptional detail 	UNK
adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film 	UNK
most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups 	UNK
cultivation and 	UNK
move with grace and panache 	UNK
the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film 	UNK
sit through , enjoy on a certain level 	UNK
made the first film so special 	UNK
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar 	UNK
of a truly magical movie 	UNK
the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza 	UNK
suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion 	UNK
childhood innocence 	UNK
nincompoop benigni persona 	UNK
epic scale 	UNK
find it diverting 	UNK
moving portrait 	UNK
horrendously confusing 	UNK
so much passion 	UNK
's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage . 	UNK
if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise 	UNK
, it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film . 	UNK
nicely understated expression 	UNK
( or robert aldrich 	UNK
admire it 	UNK
often-hilarious 	UNK
entertaining and informative 	UNK
lulled 	UNK
more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus 	UNK
for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already 	UNK
surprising discovery 	UNK
's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia 	UNK
this overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end 	UNK
... too sappy for its own good . 	UNK
less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror . 	UNK
completely satisfying 	UNK
the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy . 	UNK
heavy-handed , manipulative 	UNK
well-made 	UNK
live happily 	UNK
snobbery 	UNK
, the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism . 	UNK
the q in quirky 	UNK
an odd but ultimately satisfying blend 	UNK
take on loss and loneliness 	UNK
is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still 	UNK
wide-smiling 	UNK
appeals 	UNK
the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes 	UNK
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake 	UNK
viveka seldahl and sven wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget . 	UNK
be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 	UNK
what more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ? 	UNK
it is nearly impossible to look at or understand 	UNK
an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 	UNK
imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers 	UNK
manages to string together enough charming moments to work 	UNK
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama 	UNK
tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes . 	UNK
buck or 	UNK
the beauty of the piece 	UNK
the acting is robotically italicized , 	UNK
to be ( tsai 's ) masterpiece 	UNK
manufactured to claim street credibility 	UNK
better than any summer blockbuster 	UNK
too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy 	UNK
shame 	UNK
much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them 	UNK
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains 	UNK
letdown . 	UNK
an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and 	UNK
top-notch 	UNK
some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe 	UNK
top form 	UNK
ranks as the most original in years . 	UNK
this leaden comedy 	UNK
this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert 	UNK
holland lets things peter out midway , but 	UNK
a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin needs to stay afloat in hollywood . 	UNK
represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen . 	UNK
discursive but oddly riveting documentary 	UNK
back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present 	UNK
most ordinary and obvious 	UNK
is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem 	UNK
's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama . 	UNK
really a thriller so much 	UNK
charming , banter-filled comedy 	UNK
the film delivers what it promises : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans . 	UNK
uncomfortable class resentment 	UNK
why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good 	UNK
, loud , painful , obnoxious 	UNK
of junk 	UNK
in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor 	UNK
's drab 	UNK
those who are drying out from spring break 	UNK
a slight but sweet film 	UNK
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin 	UNK
be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees 	UNK
leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts 	UNK
terrific insider 	UNK
hopelessly 	UNK
several cliched movie structures : 	UNK
messy and frustrating 	UNK
with vivid characters and a warm , moving message 	UNK
most brilliant and brutal uk crime film 	UNK
plotless collection 	UNK
manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 	UNK
, the movie grows boring despite the scenery . 	UNK
henry bean 's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect 	UNK
what `` empire '' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart . 	UNK
energy and excitement 	UNK
in imagination and authentic christmas spirit 	UNK
natured 	UNK
injects just enough freshness 	UNK
gentle but insistent 	UNK
life in the performances 	UNK
unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker 	UNK
, this is the opposite of a truly magical movie . 	UNK
most daring , and complicated , performances 	UNK
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu 	UNK
, baroque beauty 	UNK
a chance to see three splendid actors 	UNK
constantly defies expectation 	UNK
lacking a depth 	UNK
a film that will enthrall the whole family . 	UNK
two flagrantly fake thunderstorms 	UNK
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want 	UNK
may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 . 	UNK
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and 	UNK
's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style 	UNK
be clever , amusing and unpredictable 	UNK
and yet completely familiar 	UNK
was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival 	UNK
's such a mechanical endeavor ( that ) it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it . 	UNK
immature and unappealing 	UNK
the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly 	UNK
, something is rotten in the state of california 	UNK
should see it as soon as possible . ' 	UNK
because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison 	UNK
ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production . 	UNK
paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age 	UNK
is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny 	UNK
birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while 	UNK
an addictive guilty pleasure but the material 	UNK
plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once 	UNK
-- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- 	UNK
films crammed with movie references 	UNK
they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half 	UNK
that 's all that 's going on here . 	UNK
a masterful work of art of their own 	UNK
approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise . 	UNK
a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga 	UNK
affectionately 	UNK
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant . 	UNK
howler 	UNK
brutal mid 	UNK
the best espionage picture to come out in weeks 	UNK
can aspire but none can equal 	UNK
in all the right ways 	UNK
the word that comes to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady , is painterly . 	UNK
better video-game-based 	UNK
covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- 	UNK
a forceful drama 	UNK
old-fashioned scary movie 	UNK
engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic 	UNK
unmemorable 	UNK
connection and concern 	UNK
blatantly biased 	UNK
captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could . 	UNK
manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material 	UNK
that may not always work 	UNK
through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh 	UNK
take on loss and loneliness . 	UNK
stretches of impact and moments of awe 	UNK
by exceptional performances 	UNK
the film has ( its ) moments , but they are few and far between 	UNK
humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him 	UNK
director elie chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ? 	UNK
is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept . 	UNK
lose their luster 	UNK
well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies . 	UNK
an awfully good , achingly human picture 	UNK
in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing 	UNK
several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes 	UNK
one of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation . 	UNK
lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery 	UNK
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor 	UNK
impressively 	UNK
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan 	UNK
triumphantly 	UNK
one terrific score and attitude to spare 	UNK
haphazard , and inconsequential romantic 	UNK
mall movie 	UNK
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises . 	UNK
that extra little something 	UNK
big trouble could be considered a funny little film . 	UNK
lacks the inspiration of the original 	UNK
morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema . 	UNK
helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter 	UNK
you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair 	UNK
trailer trash cinema 	UNK
's worse , routine 	UNK
and uninspired . 	UNK
grave 	UNK
comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance 	UNK
the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan could want . 	UNK
a wonderfully creepy mood 	UNK
grows on you -- like a rash . 	UNK
its success 	UNK
is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes . 	UNK
energetic and engaging film 	UNK
that even its target audience talked all the way through it . 	UNK
( has ) an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 	UNK
instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games 	UNK
too erotic 	UNK
a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times 	UNK
quite worth 	UNK
've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie 	UNK
never rise above the level of an after-school tv special 	UNK
of technical skill and rare depth 	UNK
a real documentary 	UNK
acting that could be any flatter 	UNK
the misconceived final 5 	UNK
strain 	UNK
intelligently 	UNK
such message-mongering moralism 	UNK
one-sided 	UNK
saves this deeply affecting film from being merely 	UNK
's mostly a pleasure to watch 	UNK
is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work 	UNK
what makes their project so interesting 	UNK
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low 	UNK
other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up 	UNK
will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have . 	UNK
people who like their romances to have that french realism 	UNK
of my greatest pictures , drunken master 	UNK
pure venality -- 	UNK
no content 	UNK
a picture that was n't all that great to begin with 	UNK
does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world 	UNK
although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real . 	UNK
a sexy , surprising romance ... 	UNK
two fine actors 	UNK
going at a rapid pace , occasionally 	UNK
just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense . 	UNK
emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show 	UNK
the film becomes predictably conventional . 	UNK
sometimes tedious -- 	UNK
its floating narrative 	UNK
playwriting 	UNK
creativity , and fearlessness 	UNK
its laziest 	UNK
the battle bots 	UNK
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from france . 	UNK
terrific to read about 	UNK
of insulting , both to men and women 	UNK
an unsympathetic hero 	UNK
pathetic , starving and untalented 	UNK
builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia 	UNK
get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen 	UNK
, period-perfect biopic hammers 	UNK
much worse than bland or better than inconsequential 	UNK
it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three 	UNK
an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work 	UNK
discover that the answer is as conventional as can be 	UNK
never clearly defines his characters 	UNK
what sets it apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings . 	UNK
if uneven , 	UNK
wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion 	UNK
, the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series . 	UNK
all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect 	UNK
, it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest . 	UNK
is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality 	UNK
, lifeless 	UNK
a potentially incredibly twisting mystery 	UNK
a poor fit 	UNK
credible gender-provoking philosophy 	UNK
wisely 	UNK
energetic and smart 	UNK
this was lazy but enjoyable 	UNK
suffers from a flat script and a low budget 	UNK
brash , intelligent and 	UNK
represents two of those well spent 	UNK
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller . 	UNK
ourside the theater roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with 	UNK
that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 	UNK
make this an eminently engrossing film . 	UNK
mr. schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist . 	UNK
a gracious , eloquent film 	UNK
is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance 	UNK
to gorgeous beaches 	UNK
it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say 	UNK
skims over the realities of gay sex 	UNK
, low-wattage 	UNK
a true cinematic knack 	UNK
of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film 	UNK
a one-star rating 	UNK
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary . 	UNK
is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded . 	UNK
drug culture 	UNK
not a hollywood product 	UNK
a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs 	UNK
it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson 	UNK
over his head 	UNK
pays tribute 	UNK
disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service 	UNK
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and 	UNK
the acting is amateurish , 	UNK
the film that surprises or delights 	UNK
, it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie 	UNK
waiting for things 	UNK
speaks for itself 	UNK
to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending 	UNK
... a pretentious mess ... 	UNK
wildly alive 	UNK
companionable 	UNK
brightly optimistic 	UNK
the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art 	UNK
even less capable trio 	UNK
turning into a black hole of dullness 	UNK
emerges as a numbingly dull experience 	UNK
original nor terribly funny 	UNK
minded patience , respect and affection 	UNK
sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards 	UNK
mindless action 	UNK
is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss . 	UNK
is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut 	UNK
should definitely get top billing 	UNK
a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most 	UNK
viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances 	UNK
to go around , with music and laughter 	UNK
two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 	UNK
on an inferior level 	UNK
frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds 	UNK
go hand in hand 	UNK
manage to be spectacularly outrageous . 	UNK
a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter 	UNK
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza 	UNK
a rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd . 	UNK
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings 	UNK
best short story writing 	UNK
a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half 	UNK
characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time 	UNK
a pleasant and engaging enough sit 	UNK
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences . 	UNK
particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull 	UNK
captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes 	UNK
that they are doing it is thought-provoking . 	UNK
the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , 	UNK
the thornier aspects 	UNK
of cliches 	UNK
are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series . 	UNK
puts the sting back into the con 	UNK
an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement 	UNK
thoroughly satisfying entertainment 	UNK
it 's great for the kids 	UNK
to absurd lengths 	UNK
absurdities and clichés 	UNK
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions 	UNK
'' is entertaining . 	UNK
does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick . 	UNK
oddly honest 	UNK
visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure . 	UNK
less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine 	UNK
in my own very humble opinion , in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works . 	UNK
its 112-minute length 	UNK
drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category 	UNK
little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding 	UNK
issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 	UNK
the top japanese animations of recent vintage 	UNK
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , 	UNK
a courageous scottish lady 	UNK
about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities 	UNK
most daring , 	UNK
without sacrificing its high-minded appeal 	UNK
not once does it come close to being exciting . 	UNK
a rambling and incoherent manifesto 	UNK
claim to express warmth and longing 	UNK
about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings 	UNK
, they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either . 	UNK
undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice 	UNK
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans 	UNK
the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments 	UNK
the film for anyone 	UNK
about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza 	UNK
's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart 	UNK
... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone . 	UNK
hooks us completely 	UNK
'' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! '' 	UNK
through this mess 	UNK
a schlocky creature 	UNK
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about drumline is its energy . 	UNK
employs to authenticate her british persona 	UNK
davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort . 	UNK
imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty 	UNK
has a flair for dialogue comedy 	UNK
lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments 	UNK
fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality 	UNK
watching a rerun 	UNK
the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , 	UNK
masochism 	UNK
the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them . 	UNK
as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover 	UNK
this is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout . 	UNK
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs 	UNK
to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) 	UNK
loud , silly , stupid and pointless . 	UNK
a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm . 	UNK
daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story 	UNK
its intelligence and intensity 	UNK
poignant and moving 	UNK
captivating . 	UNK
bombshell 	UNK
rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' 	UNK
some clever scripting solutions 	UNK
major pleasures 	UNK
sick and demented humor 	UNK
should appreciate its whimsical humor 	UNK
humanly funny film 	UNK
is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay . 	UNK
a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving 	UNK
truly distinctive 	UNK
is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie . 	UNK
a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell 	UNK
an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries 	UNK
head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work 	UNK
one of my greatest pictures , drunken master 	UNK
the best next generation episodes 	UNK
it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them . 	UNK
pleasurable movies 	UNK
at keeping themselves kicking 	UNK
's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter 	UNK
offers large rewards 	UNK
have done in half an hour 	UNK
high-adrenaline documentary . 	UNK
honor the many faceless victims 	UNK
a treatise on spirituality as well as 	UNK
good match 	UNK
irksome characters 	UNK
, labute continues to improve . 	UNK
entirely memorable 	UNK
been called freddy gets molested by a dog 	UNK
mindless 	UNK
a been-there , 	UNK
that is sure to win viewers ' hearts 	UNK
this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature 	UNK
told with competence 	UNK
is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus 	UNK
as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds 	UNK
soul-searching garbage . 	UNK
sharper , cleaner script 	UNK
generally a huge fan 	UNK
really busts out of its comfy little cell 	UNK
... the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies . 	UNK
that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british 	UNK
rank 	UNK
iconic 	UNK
the wise-beyond-her-years teen 	UNK
of liveliness 	UNK
have finally aged past his prime ... and , 	UNK
hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever . 	UNK
this obscenely bad dark comedy , 	UNK
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself 	UNK
seeks to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil . 	UNK
appropriately cynical social commentary aside , 	UNK
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical 	UNK
is genuinely inspirational 	UNK
most thoughtful fictional examination 	UNK
how can you charge money for this ? ' 	UNK
the ultimate scorsese film 	UNK
heightened , well-shaped dramas 	UNK
a director i admire 	UNK
plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael 	UNK
a breakthrough 	UNK
listless , witless , and 	UNK
excels in spectacle and pacing . 	UNK
to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago 	UNK
a fully engaged supporting cast 	UNK
low-rent -- and even lower-wit 	UNK
'' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work . 	UNK
unknowable 	UNK
a spirit that can not be denied 	UNK
disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh 	UNK
be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera 	UNK
you 'll still have a good time . '' 	UNK
the modern rut of narrative banality 	UNK
has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation . 	UNK
if you open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . 	UNK
cram too many ingredients 	UNK
great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense 	UNK
what redeems the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves . 	UNK
thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations 	UNK
a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but 	UNK
it an above-average thriller 	UNK
impossible spot 	UNK
dave barry 's popular book of the same name 	UNK
as unusually and unimpressively fussy 	UNK
too much exploitation 	UNK
one key problem with these ardently christian storylines 	UNK
a film in a class with spike lee 's masterful 	UNK
furious 	UNK
saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) 	UNK
have to admit i walked out of runteldat 	UNK
the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure 	UNK
style and 	UNK
crisp and purposeful 	UNK
cute animals 	UNK
a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic 	UNK
is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story . 	UNK
hugely enjoyable in its own right 	UNK
wo n't enjoy the movie at all . 	UNK
recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes 	UNK
depressing 	UNK
pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them . 	UNK
vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much 	UNK
violent and mindless 	UNK
taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . 	UNK
interested 	UNK
a worthwhile documentary , 	UNK
pedestrian 	UNK
does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny . 	UNK
scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious 	UNK
buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie 	UNK
he 's the god of second chances ' 	UNK
a high-end john hughes comedy 	UNK
made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters 	UNK
is rich in emotional texture 	UNK
that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and 	UNK
inimitable 	UNK
has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie . 	UNK
with the same number of continuity errors 	UNK
extraordinarily rich 	UNK
ultimate movie experience 	UNK
the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 	UNK
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and 	UNK
old-fashioned in all the best possible ways 	UNK
never succumbs to sensationalism 	UNK
spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative . 	UNK
will be well worth your time . 	UNK
a very good viewing alternative for young women 	UNK
interesting enough 	UNK
77 minutes of pokemon 	UNK
fanboy 	UNK
a disappointment 	UNK
drag two-thirds through 	UNK
more interested in entertaining itself 	UNK
only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch 	UNK
a slice of american pie hijinks 	UNK
coming apart at its seams 	UNK
transcends ethnic lines . 	UNK
lacking any sense of commitment to 	UNK
the director 's 	UNK
a memorable directorial debut from king hunk 	UNK
works better in the conception than it does in the execution 	UNK
welsh whimsy 	UNK
a fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending 	UNK
plucks 	UNK
quirky movie to be made from curling 	UNK
this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten . 	UNK
the shackles of its own clichés 	UNK
soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore 	UNK
this is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn . 	UNK
put away 	UNK
has-been 	UNK
drag it down to mediocrity 	UNK
a brilliant piece 	UNK
most savagely hilarious 	UNK
the plot ` surprises ' 	UNK
of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent 	UNK
what 's worse , routine 	UNK
as much humor as pathos 	UNK
navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 	UNK
tacky and reprehensible 	UNK
the best straight-up 	UNK
provides a fresh view of an old type 	UNK
it was at least funny 	UNK
simple and soapy 	UNK
trying to be other films 	UNK
schneider 's performance is so fine 	UNK
a big heart 	UNK
stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel . 	UNK
the personal touch of manual animation 	UNK
demons 	UNK
if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish . 	UNK
leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors . 	UNK
gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling 	UNK
very compelling , sensitive 	UNK
like kissing jessica stein , amy 's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor . 	UNK
contradiction 	UNK
trudge 	UNK
in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience 	UNK
do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role 	UNK
yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . 	UNK
in fact , the best in recent memory 	UNK
a kind of hard , cold effect 	UNK
clever in spots 	UNK
is as delightful as it is derivative 	UNK
has it beat by a country mile 	UNK
with dickens ' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction 	UNK
the more you will probably like it . 	UNK
the unnamed , easily substitutable forces 	UNK
the needlessly poor quality 	UNK
be distinguished from a mediocre one 	UNK
has never looked uglier . 	UNK
need comforting fantasies about mental illness 	UNK
rage and alienation 	UNK
very stupid and annoying . 	UNK
thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem . 	UNK
but its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless . 	UNK
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more . 	UNK
the story has its redundancies 	UNK
delivers a surprising 	UNK
that is presented with universal appeal 	UNK
huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling kathy baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women 's augustine . 	UNK
beautifully shot , delicately 	UNK
counts heart as important as humor 	UNK
heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable 	UNK
too neat and new pin-like 	UNK
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , 	UNK
a monumental achievement 	UNK
sweet 	UNK
brainless , 	UNK
waters it down , 	UNK
ludicrous and contrived plot 	UNK
, it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own . 	UNK
probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists 	UNK
cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment 	UNK
gets bogged down over 140 minutes 	UNK
started with a great premise and then just fell apart 	UNK
a dashing and resourceful hero ; 	UNK
avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill 	UNK
complicated plotting and banal dialogue 	UNK
the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison . 	UNK
ineffable 	UNK
failings 	UNK
metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story . 	UNK
the characters sound like real people 	UNK
standout performance 	UNK
comatose 	UNK
, warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal . 	UNK
an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition 	UNK
novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama . 	UNK
` cultural revolution 	UNK
the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film 	UNK
come even easier . 	UNK
fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved 	UNK
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit 	UNK
mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material 	UNK
the answer is as conventional as can be 	UNK
human nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart 	UNK
recommend it 	UNK
the charisma and ability 	UNK
uneven 	UNK
so lackluster 	UNK
natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel 	UNK
never again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 	UNK
is its essential problem 	UNK
caffeinated , sloppy brilliance 	UNK
what the audience feels is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean . 	UNK
seem fresh again 	UNK
the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film . 	UNK
being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams 	UNK
the screenplay , but rather 	UNK
for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood 	UNK
we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized . 	UNK
remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career . 	UNK
a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory 	UNK
a little old-fashioned storytelling 	UNK
's a heaven for bad movies 	UNK
the biggest names in japanese anime 	UNK
rushed , slapdash , 	UNK
something special 	UNK
it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief 	UNK
comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising . 	UNK
modus 	UNK
a film with almost as many 	UNK
retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing 	UNK
-- in the title role -- 	UNK
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter 	UNK
become a household name 	UNK
invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs 	UNK
fit in any modern action movie 	UNK
rich in emotional texture 	UNK
as if it belongs on the big screen 	UNK
the production details are lavish 	UNK
mr. goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction 	UNK
an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast 	UNK
as action-adventure , this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson 's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits . 	UNK
the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore 	UNK
unimaginable demons 	UNK
goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly 	UNK
these people are really going to love the piano teacher . 	UNK
should get all five 	UNK
hackery 	UNK
but if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie . 	UNK
the point of nausea 	UNK
realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject . 	UNK
be of interest primarily to its target audience 	UNK
blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance 	UNK
just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided 	UNK
going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films 	UNK
deserves , at the very least , 	UNK
its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start . 	UNK
leave this loser 	UNK
's no accident 	UNK
manufactured to me and artificial 	UNK
delicious , quirky movie 	UNK
everyone 's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships . 	UNK
any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country 	UNK
emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing 	UNK
it 's not particularly well made 	UNK
, and unforgettable characters 	UNK
a sad , soggy potboiler 	UNK
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and 	UNK
also is difficult to fathom . 	UNK
busts out of its comfy little cell 	UNK
that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light 	UNK
companion 	UNK
the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language 	UNK
through the constraints of its source 	UNK
laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy 	UNK
aimless for much of its running time , 	UNK
the superficial tensions 	UNK
the charm of satin rouge 	UNK
that it looks neat 	UNK
across as shallow and glib though 	UNK
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense 	UNK
you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth 	UNK
funniest and most accurate depiction 	UNK
's really well directed 	UNK
strong filmmaking 	UNK
foolish choices 	UNK
celebratory 	UNK
about otherwise dull subjects 	UNK
funny and human 	UNK
such conviction 	UNK
sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation 	UNK
numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy 	UNK
no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story . 	UNK
well spent 	UNK
engrossing piece 	UNK
taboo 	UNK
lame and sophomoric 	UNK
, my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures . 	UNK
a remarkably faithful one 	UNK
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is 	UNK
the cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired 	UNK
a superior crime movie 	UNK
may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed 	UNK
, a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , 	UNK
's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one . 	UNK
whether we 're supposed to shriek 	UNK
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters 	UNK
showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . 	UNK
charming and quirky 	UNK
as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary 	UNK
every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera 	UNK
racism and homophobia 	UNK
robbed and replaced 	UNK
that best describes this film : honest 	UNK
flexible 	UNK
the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce 	UNK
poetic force and 	UNK
as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects 	UNK
ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film 	UNK
quite tasty and 	UNK
i 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point . 	UNK
's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful . 	UNK
's hardly any fun to watch 	UNK
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message . 	UNK
has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic 	UNK
is visually smart , 	UNK
a visually compelling one 	UNK
talky films 	UNK
climax 	UNK
glaring triteness 	UNK
pretty and gifted , it really won my heart 	UNK
like real people 	UNK
be fertile sources of humor 	UNK
has no point and goes nowhere 	UNK
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess 	UNK
best and most unpredictable comedy 	UNK
eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension 	UNK
a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little **** 	UNK
with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . 	UNK
, it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance . 	UNK
precious and finely cut diamond 	UNK
take us on his sentimental journey of the heart 	UNK
( and literally ) tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense . 	UNK
wide-awake all the way 	UNK
it struck a chord in me 	UNK
to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies 	UNK
the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up 	UNK
clichés 	UNK
despite its flaws ... belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn . 	UNK
the movie lacks in action 	UNK
alienating 	UNK
be consigned to the dustbin of history 	UNK
saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate 	UNK
settles too easily along the contours of expectation 	UNK
us 	UNK
young talent 	UNK
- spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together . 	UNK
a helping hand 	UNK
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber 	UNK
this much imagination and nerve 	UNK
tiny little jokes and nary an original idea 	UNK
confused , and totally disorientated 	UNK
business and pleasure 	UNK
artwork 	UNK
the human race splitting in two 	UNK
sexy slip 	UNK
a satisfying crime drama 	UNK
merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way 	UNK
its overinflated mythology 	UNK
pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry . 	UNK
narratively complex 	UNK
the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen 	UNK
savvy director robert j. siegel and 	UNK
magic and whimsy 	UNK
terrible , banal dialogue ; 	UNK
slow , uneventful 	UNK
love interest 	UNK
its attractive young leads 	UNK
that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be 	UNK
this is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september . 	UNK
without a glimmer of intelligence or invention 	UNK
leaping from one arresting image to another 	UNK
'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls 	UNK
low-budget , video-shot 	UNK
from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film 	UNK
's a bad action movie 	UNK
keep this 	UNK
great help from kevin kline 	UNK
jane wyman and 	UNK
a compassionate , 	UNK
ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film 	UNK
do n't care about being stupid 	UNK
farcical and loathsome 	UNK
neatly 	UNK
is too short 	UNK
too goodly , 	UNK
you will never forget 	UNK
's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur 	UNK
vivid with color , music and life 	UNK
loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . 	UNK
well-defined 	UNK
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing . 	UNK
of no real consequence 	UNK
staggers between flaccid satire and what 	UNK
her material is not first-rate 	UNK
real audience-pleaser 	UNK
the humor wry and sprightly 	UNK
, lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious 	UNK
forced to follow 	UNK
as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something 	UNK
shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life . 	UNK
dismally dull sci-fi comedy . 	UNK
give what may be the performances of their careers 	UNK
satisfying well-made 	UNK
does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this 	UNK
of quiet power 	UNK
nevertheless efficiently 	UNK
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly appealing 	UNK
does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it . 	UNK
rolling over in their graves 	UNK
to the power of the eccentric and the strange 	UNK
, washington has a sure hand . 	UNK
, this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes . 	UNK
will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers . 	UNK
unreligious 	UNK
too much of storytelling moves away from solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries . 	UNK
bloated plot 	UNK
the high standards of performance 	UNK
saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy 	UNK
a cool event for the whole family 	UNK
the annoyance of that chatty fish 	UNK
accessible and 	UNK
a tart , smart breath of fresh air 	UNK
movie star charisma 	UNK
gracefully 	UNK
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and 	UNK
who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep 	UNK
atrocious 	UNK
, this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . 	UNK
the delicious trimmings 	UNK
the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , 	UNK
you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful . 	UNK
share their enthusiasm 	UNK
( and beautifully edited ) 	UNK
grips and holds you in rapt attention from 	UNK
ferocity and thoughtfulness 	UNK
terrible story 	UNK
finely crafted , finely written 	UNK
stylish sizzle 	UNK
that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood 	UNK
pokey 	UNK
the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen 	UNK
of spirit 	UNK
a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story 	UNK
is not a bad movie , just mediocre . 	UNK
a certain charm 	UNK
tries too hard to be emotional 	UNK
quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it does n't have all the answers . 	UNK
, it 's quite fun in places . 	UNK
vibrant with originality 	UNK
the peak of all things insipid 	UNK
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory . 	UNK
is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well 	UNK
spare wildlife 	UNK
is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy 	UNK
is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted 	UNK
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia . 	UNK
an hour-and-a-half-long commercial 	UNK
makes one thing abundantly clear . 	UNK
pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them 	UNK
outstanding originality 	UNK
to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers 	UNK
that 's what makes it worth a recommendation 	UNK
, non-exploitive approach 	UNK
a wonderful tale 	UNK
ages that is n't fake fun 	UNK
a fresh view 	UNK
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh 	UNK
it 's sort of in-between , and it works . 	UNK
, energetic and original 	UNK
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , 	UNK
much entertainment value 	UNK
wrong with this ricture 	UNK
elegant entertainment 	UNK
like a wet burlap sack of gloom 	UNK
called `` jar-jar binks : the movie 	UNK
davis ... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences . 	UNK
's just as wonderful on the big screen 	UNK
rather dull , unimaginative car chase 	UNK
's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast . 	UNK
the story has some nice twists but the ending and 	UNK
, pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel . 	UNK
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part . 	UNK
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing . 	UNK
bad-movie way 	UNK
outstanding feature debut 	UNK
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story . 	UNK
creative contributions 	UNK
kinda wrong in places 	UNK
a summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution . 	UNK
so larger than life and 	UNK
we were soldiers 	UNK
to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 	UNK
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles 	UNK
in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack 	UNK
shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic . 	UNK
the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film 	UNK
in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings 	UNK
find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie 	UNK
of the worst films of the summer 	UNK
super - 	UNK
squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had 	UNK
's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out 	UNK
an underachiever , 	UNK
, politically charged tapestry 	UNK
treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody 	UNK
screeching-metal 	UNK
savvy , compelling 	UNK
does n't make for great cinema 	UNK
a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution . 	UNK
love the opening scenes of a wintry new york city in 1899 	UNK
, is of overwhelming waste 	UNK
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , 	UNK
like its hero 	UNK
is funny , scary and sad . 	UNK
new adaptation 	UNK
, at least terribly monotonous 	UNK
is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating 	UNK
of nonsense 	UNK
taylor 's cartoonish performance 	UNK
performances of ( jack nicholson 's ) career 	UNK
elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk 	UNK
it 's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i 'd say the film works 	UNK
it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest 	UNK
to call the film ` refreshing 	UNK
even less capable 	UNK
of torture and self-mutilation 	UNK
intricate , intimate and intelligent 	UNK
112-minute 	UNK
is well told 	UNK
has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side . 	UNK
if i want music , i 'll buy the soundtrack . 	UNK
worldly knowledge 	UNK
is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics 	UNK
drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band . 	UNK
the story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one . 	UNK
a smile , just sneers and bile 	UNK
and murky cinematography 	UNK
is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time 	UNK
pixar 's 	UNK
makes the experience worthwhile 	UNK
that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots 	UNK
the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions 	UNK
string together enough charming moments to work 	UNK
to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	UNK
be an important movie , or even a good one 	UNK
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring 	UNK
to be a part of that elusive adult world 	UNK
as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film 	UNK
sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play 	UNK
perfect balance 	UNK
feels strangely hollow at its emotional core 	UNK
water torture 	UNK
you wo n't care 	UNK
most sincere and artful movie 	UNK
alternately melancholic , hopeful 	UNK
paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor 	UNK
everyone , especially movie musical fans 	UNK
the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes 	UNK
than awe 	UNK
partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- 	UNK
cyndi lauper 	UNK
its contrivances 	UNK
it 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing . 	UNK
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and 	UNK
created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy 	UNK
too-frosty 	UNK
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship . 	UNK
gives a superb performance full of deep feeling 	UNK
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and 	UNK
polished and vastly entertaining caper 	UNK
hugely enjoyable 	UNK
negligible work 	UNK
she boxes these women 's souls right open for us . 	UNK
that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling 	UNK
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else 	UNK
clear and reliable 	UNK
irresistible package 	UNK
gets under our skin and draws us in long 	UNK
sad and rote exercise 	UNK
is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences 	UNK
is extraordinarily good 	UNK
an unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode . 	UNK
once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window . 	UNK
draw people together 	UNK
derring-do 	UNK
femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . 	UNK
prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences 	UNK
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , 	UNK
have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant . 	UNK
what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest 	UNK
slam-bang extravaganza 	UNK
can see the forest for the trees 	UNK
up as the worst kind of hubristic folly 	UNK
devastating indictment 	UNK
this thing is just garbage . 	UNK
makes its point too well 	UNK
bold ( and lovely ) experiment 	UNK
might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants 	UNK
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough 	UNK
is a little tired 	UNK
an off-beat and fanciful film 	UNK
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , 	UNK
will be friends through thick and thin 	UNK
brought something fresher 	UNK
through the gloomy film noir veil 	UNK
the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing 	UNK
from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness 	UNK
the more influential works 	UNK
the fun 	UNK
simple and innocent 	UNK
result in a movie that works against itself 	UNK
his reserved but existential poignancy 	UNK
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works 	UNK
bollywood/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals 	UNK
stay with the stage versions 	UNK
be me : fighting off the urge to doze 	UNK
simple but absorbing 	UNK
in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers 	UNK
this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part 	UNK
work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose 	UNK
with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . 	UNK
the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface . 	UNK
's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent 	UNK
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , 	UNK
donovan ... squanders his main asset , 	UNK
would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor . 	UNK
above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings 	UNK
a bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points . 	UNK
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' 	UNK
bo derek 	UNK
edward burns ' best film 	UNK
overproduced piece 	UNK
cutting impressions 	UNK
is that her confidence in her material is merited . 	UNK
noble endeavor 	UNK
shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film 	UNK
loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into 	UNK
gangster 	UNK
of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty 	UNK
to top form 	UNK
that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it 	UNK
is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year . 	UNK
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength 	UNK
spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ? 	UNK
, it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug . 	UNK
this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole 	UNK
the border collie is funny 	UNK
is both convincing and radiant 	UNK
with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns 	UNK
weighted down 	UNK
where the film ultimately fails 	UNK
intense and effective film 	UNK
, indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema . 	UNK
pointed personalities , courage , 	UNK
maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts . 	UNK
... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad . 	UNK
embellishment 	UNK
it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy 	UNK
bland hollywood romance 	UNK
intelligent flick 	UNK
strong and unforced 	UNK
rohmer 's talky films fascinate me 	UNK
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness 	UNK
, ` how can you charge money for this ? ' 	UNK
thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening 	UNK
the substance it so desperately needs 	UNK
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough . 	UNK
car-wreck 	UNK
could be this good 	UNK
an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle . 	UNK
meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant . 	UNK
one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director 	UNK
it 's in the action scenes that things fall apart . 	UNK
to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium 	UNK
a quirky , off-beat project 	UNK
it does n't take itself so deadly seriously 	UNK
impressive fake documentary 	UNK
either 11 times too many or else 	UNK
the new star wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one . 	UNK
conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all . 	UNK
what makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion . 	UNK
e.t. remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career . 	UNK
by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes 	UNK
struggled 	UNK
who is too crazy to be interesting 	UNK
seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered 	UNK
a naturally funny film , home movie 	UNK
no good inside dope , and no particular bite 	UNK
a film with a great premise but only a great premise 	UNK
millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry . 	UNK
smokers only 	UNK
snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure . 	UNK
watching a walk to remember 	UNK
a smart , compelling drama . 	UNK
a chilling movie without oppressive 	UNK
that 's 86 minutes too long 	UNK
the new thriller proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo . 	UNK
a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme 	UNK
sade achieves the near-impossible : 	UNK
is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer . 	UNK
satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood 	UNK
about the pitfalls of bad behavior 	UNK
which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 	UNK
f 	UNK
gorgeously 	UNK
porno flick 	UNK
a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance . 	UNK
rather toothless take 	UNK
as an evil , monstrous lunatic 	UNK
, inflammatory film 	UNK
cutesy reliance 	UNK
a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease 	UNK
in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic 	UNK
choppy and sloppy affair 	UNK
as i 'm the one that i want 	UNK
down to mediocrity 	UNK
crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude 	UNK
an uncomfortable experience 	UNK
`` ( hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it . 	UNK
no solace here , no entertainment value , 	UNK
's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project 	UNK
intensely romantic , 	UNK
of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent 	UNK
ever-watchful 	UNK
comes across as lame and sophomoric 	UNK
a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor 	UNK
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper 	UNK
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer . 	UNK
utter mush ... conceited pap . 	UNK
... most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . '' 	UNK
across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length 	UNK
and there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after greene 's story ends . 	UNK
take heart 	UNK
ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation 	UNK
odd , poetic road movie 	UNK
... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be . 	UNK
to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise 	UNK
, very enjoyable ... 	UNK
frustration 	UNK
for a barf bag 	UNK
he 's the scariest guy you 'll see all summer . 	UNK
doze off thirty minutes 	UNK
this is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie . 	UNK
concocted 	UNK
warm , inviting , 	UNK
the most magical and most fun family fare 	UNK
shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper 	UNK
it 's also disappointing to a certain degree . 	UNK
poignant lyricism 	UNK
it 's tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too 	UNK
vivid , convincing 	UNK
gives it a buoyant delivery 	UNK
rises ) 	UNK
is n't much to it . 	UNK
, violent movie 	UNK
proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep 	UNK
comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt . 	UNK
that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies 	UNK
of dazzling pop entertainment 	UNK
which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies 	UNK
depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece 	UNK
a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings 	UNK
very sincere work 	UNK
precious little substance in birthday girl 	UNK
it 's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be . 	UNK
short-story quaint 	UNK
big selling point 	UNK
, energetic and smart 	UNK
the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it 	UNK
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it 's not half-bad . 	UNK
it 's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness . 	UNK
loopy 	UNK
love that strikes a very resonant chord 	UNK
ugliness 	UNK
a bang-up job 	UNK
fascinating stories 	UNK
will probably be a talky bore . 	UNK
watch if you only had a week to live 	UNK
we 're seeing something purer than the real thing 	UNK
lovely , eerie film 	UNK
luckiest stroke 	UNK
in the place where a masterpiece should be 	UNK
breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina 	UNK
youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point 	UNK
that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline 	UNK
guy ritchie 's lock , 	UNK
cracked lunacy 	UNK
is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip . 	UNK
low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard 	UNK
's not too bad 	UNK
good human 	UNK
introspective portrait 	UNK
everything that was right about blade 	UNK
most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies 	UNK
enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , 	UNK
profound ethical and philosophical questions 	UNK
just becomes sad 	UNK
well-mounted 	UNK
is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics 	UNK
the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life . 	UNK
from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense 	UNK
lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow 	UNK
steven soderbergh 's earlier films 	UNK
so much to look 	UNK
violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart 	UNK
seeing things from new sides , 	UNK
ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film , 	UNK
dumb action movie 	UNK
a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium . 	UNK
good noir 	UNK
plucking tension from quiet 	UNK
the most memorable moment 	UNK
that it stinks 	UNK
like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot 	UNK
tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge 	UNK
is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love 	UNK
-- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- 	UNK
a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull 	UNK
this an eminently engrossing film 	UNK
live in denial about 	UNK
purely enjoyable 	UNK
pull a cohesive story out 	UNK
chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack . 	UNK
in a good way 	UNK
give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise 	UNK
this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it . 	UNK
take the grandkids or the grandparents 	UNK
schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm . 	UNK
sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure 	UNK
difficult 	UNK
is generally amusing from time to time 	UNK
one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time 	UNK
leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing 	UNK
like whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people 	UNK
would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered 	UNK
presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson 	UNK
murderous 	UNK
generates little narrative momentum , and 	UNK
a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas 	UNK
is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny . 	UNK
actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 	UNK
between passion and pretence 	UNK
a moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama that should bolster director and co-writer 	UNK
misfiring 	UNK
... might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ? 	UNK
zzzzzzzzz 	UNK
smart and 	UNK
the piece works 	UNK
to be interesting 	UNK
excellence 	UNK
a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 	UNK
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale 	UNK
genuine 	UNK
have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor 	UNK
of smart jokes 	UNK
directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion . 	UNK
to be more complex than your average film 	UNK
the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks 	UNK
a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story 	UNK
welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst . 	UNK
the movie 's seams may show ... but pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling . 	UNK
enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . 	UNK
by laurice guillen 	UNK
tiny acts of kindness 	UNK
the movie has no idea of it is serious 	UNK
often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast 	UNK
coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else . 	UNK
is truly funny 	UNK
silly overkill 	UNK
this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied 	UNK
an inept , tedious spoof 	UNK
it 's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought . 	UNK
it 's just a kids ' flick 	UNK
the film has a kind of hard , cold effect . 	UNK
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but 	UNK
i killed my father 	UNK
... ` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation . 	UNK
... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack . 	UNK
is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess 	UNK
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic . 	UNK
cultivated 	UNK
delicate balance 	UNK
stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time 	UNK
incessant use 	UNK
the most original 	UNK
candid , archly funny and 	UNK
, while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing 	UNK
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this 	UNK
for a movie that tries to be smart 	UNK
maybe twice 	UNK
likely to induce sleep than fright 	UNK
social injustice 	UNK
any 	UNK
is as often imaginative 	UNK
flick cliches 	UNK
more revealing , more emotional and 	UNK
an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep 	UNK
the mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . ' 	UNK
of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity 	UNK
something hip 	UNK
phenomenal , 	UNK
the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic . 	UNK
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and 	UNK
incredible imax sound system 	UNK
the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing 	UNK
dim-witted 	UNK
you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz 	UNK
i 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't . 	UNK
acted by a british cast to rival gosford park 's . 	UNK
a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction 	UNK
starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television . 	UNK
would have a hard time sitting through this one 	UNK
serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history 	UNK
to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering 	UNK
fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic 	UNK
the film does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown 's life . 	UNK
big letdown 	UNK
the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction 	UNK
special fishy community 	UNK
sour , bloody and mean 	UNK
's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan . 	UNK
is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential 	UNK
soon-to-be-forgettable '' section 	UNK
what enlivens this film 	UNK
is , as comedy goes , 	UNK
is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds . 	UNK
is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes 	UNK
an erratic career 	UNK
wasted . 	UNK
most purely enjoyable and 	UNK
it 's a pale imitation . 	UNK
... one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' . 	UNK
fascinating look 	UNK
, this film 's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition . 	UNK
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs. robinson complex 	UNK
on action 	UNK
dramatic and emotional pull 	UNK
should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title . 	UNK
helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games 	UNK
real characters and compelling plots 	UNK
truly funny 	UNK
a bilingual charmer , 	UNK
of the most exciting action films 	UNK
offers little insight 	UNK
as both shallow and dim-witted 	UNK
lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie 	UNK
imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie 	UNK
dazzling 	UNK
a better film 	UNK
ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut 	UNK
he fails . 	UNK
sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser 	UNK
any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster 	UNK
the film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut . 	UNK
fly with most intelligent viewers 	UNK
fly at such a furiously funny pace 	UNK
ai n't art , 	UNK
wit and compassion 	UNK
it 's also cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated . 	UNK
completely awful iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque 	UNK
a cinematic car wreck , 	UNK
nothing but net 	UNK
a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set . 	UNK
you second-guess your affection for the original 	UNK
was followed by the bad idea 	UNK
is a film living far too much in its own head . 	UNK
an unforced , rapid-fire delivery 	UNK
is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions 	UNK
a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' 	UNK
` amateur ' in almost every frame 	UNK
is filled with strange and wonderful creatures 	UNK
the film has a lot of charm . 	UNK
quirky iranian drama secret ballot 	UNK
punch and depth 	UNK
arrive early and stay late , 	UNK
so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian 	UNK
that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults 	UNK
of love and destiny 	UNK
is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel 	UNK
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , 	UNK
eminently engrossing film 	UNK
, i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) . 	UNK
animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots . 	UNK
it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults 	UNK
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist . 	UNK
, crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs . 	UNK
its faults 	UNK
rollicking good time 	UNK
the most inventive 	UNK
a surprisingly sensitive script co-written 	UNK
it is n't scary . 	UNK
have a radar for juicy roles 	UNK
hated myself 	UNK
, low-budget constraints 	UNK
passion and energy 	UNK
its courage , ideas , technical proficiency 	UNK
is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution 	UNK
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic . 	UNK
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though 	UNK
disquieting 	UNK
a distinguished film legacy 	UNK
of being boring 	UNK
i usually dread encountering the most 	UNK
's the very definition of epic adventure . 	UNK
somber pacing and lack 	UNK
has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock 	UNK
to either effort in three hours of screen time 	UNK
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow 	UNK
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time 	UNK
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families 	UNK
heartache everyone 	UNK
a lovably old-school hollywood confection . 	UNK
compassionately 	UNK
companionship 	UNK
honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers 	UNK
have that kind of impact on me these days 	UNK
repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense 	UNK
's not enough substance 	UNK
holm does his sly , intricate magic 	UNK
remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written . 	UNK
from the classics 	UNK
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal 	UNK
william james once called ` the gift of tears 	UNK
half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening 	UNK
a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity 	UNK
a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking 	UNK
glum 	UNK
almost mystical work 	UNK
comedy to start a reaction 	UNK
effective 	UNK
is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills 	UNK
rolling over 	UNK
the best star trek movie in a long time 	UNK
as single-minded as john carpenter 's original 	UNK
it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem 	UNK
extravagantly redeems it 	UNK
a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 	UNK
original and highly cerebral examination 	UNK
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers . 	UNK
it had a sense of humor 	UNK
`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws , 	UNK
picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch 	UNK
overwritten 	UNK
is a lumbering load of hokum but 	UNK
has actually bothered to construct a real story this time . 	UNK
a heady , biting , be-bop 	UNK
at this beautifully drawn movie 	UNK
is too crazy to be interesting 	UNK
an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie . 	UNK
suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison 	UNK
and slack direction 	UNK
the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and 	UNK
features 	UNK
aggrieved father cliché 	UNK
the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl 	UNK
full of masters of both 	UNK
tear your eyes away from the images 	UNK
i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise . 	UNK
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and 	UNK
turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy 	UNK
she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair 	UNK
droning house music 	UNK
than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending 	UNK
at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- 	UNK
influential 	UNK
almost wildly alive 	UNK
psychopathic 	UNK
hollywood-action cliches 	UNK
balances real-time rhythms 	UNK
alive and admirable 	UNK
even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold . 	UNK
it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama 	UNK
's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about 	UNK
a fascinating documentary 	UNK
it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art 	UNK
if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd 	UNK
budding amours 	UNK
, sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium 	UNK
is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable 	UNK
overstays its natural running time 	UNK
happens that tells you there is no sense . 	UNK
ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter 	UNK
dudsville 	UNK
has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare 	UNK
in too many conflicts 	UNK
, the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude . 	UNK
willie would have loved it 	UNK
sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables 	UNK
it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- 	UNK
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it 	UNK
cable channel 	UNK
it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh . 	UNK
remarkably original 	UNK
its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters 	UNK
gigantic proportions 	UNK
crummy 	UNK
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , 	UNK
stunning new young talent 	UNK
a friend 	UNK
its keenest pleasures 	UNK
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch . 	UNK
to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists 	UNK
easily and , in the end , not well enough 	UNK
much colorful eye candy 	UNK
for most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche . 	UNK
the writing is clever and the cast is appealing . 	UNK
inventive , 	UNK
, revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling 	UNK
my least favorite emotions , 	UNK
washed out despite all of that 	UNK
, ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious . 	UNK
eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , 	UNK
is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal . 	UNK
are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie 	UNK
the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness 	UNK
swirling 	UNK
make for one splendidly cast pair 	UNK
hollywood-predictable 	UNK
from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival 	UNK
here is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music . 	UNK
aimless story 	UNK
vapid vehicle 	UNK
perfect starting point 	UNK
that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him 	UNK
bounces around with limp wrists 	UNK
drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- 	UNK
speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , 	UNK
what makes it worth watching is quaid 's performance . 	UNK
been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe 	UNK
some glimpses of nature and family warmth 	UNK
fabulous 	UNK
when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best 	UNK
one-star 	UNK
in denial about 	UNK
thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic . 	UNK
as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats 	UNK
is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy 	UNK
have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not 	UNK
extraordinary dramatic experience . 	UNK
loosely connected characters 	UNK
farts , boobs , 	UNK
all-star reunions 	UNK
those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater 	UNK
it 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas . 	UNK
sometimes beautiful adaptation 	UNK
essentially ruined -- or , rather 	UNK
miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes 	UNK
headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender 	UNK
the film is not entirely successful 	UNK
the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity 	UNK
is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic 	UNK
carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders 	UNK
paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel 	UNK
nearly impossible to care about 	UNK
saved this film 	UNK
handsomely produced 	UNK
pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling 	UNK
this every-joke-has - been-told-a 	UNK
will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals 	UNK
i imagined a movie ever could be 	UNK
static set ups , not much camera movement 	UNK
deceptively simple , 	UNK
of this slick and sprightly cgi feature 	UNK
shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera . 	UNK
, it comes to life in the performances . 	UNK
nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful 	UNK
is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle . 	UNK
a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker 	UNK
to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism 	UNK
vital 	UNK
close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air 	UNK
actress-producer and writer 	UNK
spectacularly ugly-looking broad 	UNK
which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues 	UNK
enjoying the big-screen experience 	UNK
a damn fine 	UNK
unwatchable 	UNK
of its spirit 	UNK
rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday 	UNK
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and 	UNK
is basically just a curiosity 	UNK
juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious 	UNK
make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment 	UNK
) becomes more specimen than character 	UNK
self-important summer fluff 	UNK
monotonous 	UNK
, it collapses like an overcooked soufflé . 	UNK
transcend 	UNK
the insanity 	UNK
is elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world 	UNK
a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle 	UNK
a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing 	UNK
game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters 	UNK
will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face 	UNK
professional film 	UNK
in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times 	UNK
is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through . 	UNK
a handful 	UNK
a chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department . 	UNK
's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present . 	UNK
baaaaaaaaad 	UNK
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance 	UNK
is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . 	UNK
love the robust middle of this picture . 	UNK
funeral 	UNK
blatant derivativeness 	UNK
full of deep feeling 	UNK
holds the screen like a true star . 	UNK
thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began . 	UNK
worth a look as a curiosity 	UNK
than a mall movie designed to kill time 	UNK
is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday 	UNK
is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau 	UNK
grinning 	UNK
the most ordinary and obvious fashion 	UNK
with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline 	UNK
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller 	UNK
to sustain laughs 	UNK
drown yourself in a lake afterwards 	UNK
provocative and 	UNK
does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music 	UNK
makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens 	UNK
the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year 	UNK
ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior 	UNK
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , 	UNK
'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment . 	UNK
more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch 	UNK
full of nuance and character dimension 	UNK
admire the film 's stately nature 	UNK
is atrocious 	UNK
do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role . 	UNK
best short 	UNK
let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out 	UNK
shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 	UNK
placing their parents 	UNK
gives the story some soul 	UNK
novel 	UNK
the shameless self-caricature 	UNK
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible . 	UNK
in formal settings with motionless characters 	UNK
as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing 	UNK
bogs down in insignificance 	UNK
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time 	UNK
though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere . 	UNK
a passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action . 	UNK
hipness 	UNK
while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads 	UNK
delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower 	UNK
is completely lacking in charm and charisma , 	UNK
... a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs . 	UNK
making me groggy 	UNK
filled with alexandre desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience . 	UNK
totally unexpected directions 	UNK
feces 	UNK
lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all . 	UNK
danis 	UNK
successful animated movies 	UNK
much of the writing is genuinely witty 	UNK
feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field 	UNK
very humble 	UNK
valiantly keep punching up the mix . 	UNK
its superstar 	UNK
no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all 	UNK
no conversion effort 	UNK
is recognizably plympton 	UNK
to be wholesome and subversive at the same time . 	UNK
makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty 	UNK
of quality 	UNK
is one big , dumb action movie 	UNK
the sequel 	UNK
williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity . 	UNK
ultimately comes off as a pale successor . 	UNK
by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' 	UNK
, this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults . 	UNK
flatulence 	UNK
an intriguing look 	UNK
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit 	UNK
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces 	UNK
's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming . 	UNK
deserve better . 	UNK
a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation 	UNK
one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity 	UNK
worth telling 	UNK
naipaul , a juicy writer 	UNK
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor 	UNK
hard-hitting documentary . 	UNK
dumb and cheesy 	UNK
for the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera . 	UNK
daytime 	UNK
a welcome , if downbeat , missive 	UNK
, this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story . 	UNK
weirdly beautiful 	UNK
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . 	UNK
, clarity and emotional 	UNK
`` crazy '' 	UNK
melodrama and tiresome love triangles 	UNK
fessenden 's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy . 	UNK
overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste . 	UNK
visceral and 	UNK
rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment 	UNK
its cutesy reliance 	UNK
ill-considered , unholy hokum . 	UNK
daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope 	UNK
its lyrical variations on the game of love 	UNK
that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in 	UNK
endeavors 	UNK
gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements 	UNK
is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself 	UNK
is a new treasure of the hermitage . 	UNK
is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls . 	UNK
boisterous , heartfelt comedy . 	UNK
in this remarkable and memorable film 	UNK
proves tiresome , 	UNK
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games 	UNK
equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information . 	UNK
most brilliant 	UNK
been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker 	UNK
has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced 	UNK
christian bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot 	UNK
juiced 	UNK
more problematic aspects 	UNK
say it 's on par with the first one 	UNK
acceptable , 	UNK
remarkably alluring film 	UNK
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , 	UNK
an equally great robin williams performance 	UNK
and often-funny drama 	UNK
of deft and subtle poetry 	UNK
should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come 	UNK
poignant and 	UNK
ca n't compare friday after next to them 	UNK
that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 	UNK
the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy . 	UNK
it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day 	UNK
meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot 	UNK
has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project . 	UNK
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; 	UNK
add up to more than body count 	UNK
carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance . 	UNK
just ca n't take it any more 	UNK
the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian 	UNK
can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion ' 	UNK
mindless 	UNK
self-destructiveness 	UNK
noteworthy characters 	UNK
to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking 	UNK
a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode 	UNK
absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man 	UNK
fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but 	UNK
a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something 	UNK
that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot 	UNK
canny , meditative 	UNK
the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is . 	UNK
but first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort 	UNK
a movie that will make you laugh 	UNK
interesting characters 	UNK
as the movie dragged on , i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign . 	UNK
overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm . 	UNK
the movie 's captivating details 	UNK
once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy 	UNK
in conveying its social message 	UNK
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line 	UNK
, you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state . 	UNK
you are wet in some places 	UNK
hell-jaunt 	UNK
allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- 	UNK
conceptually brilliant ... plays like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown . 	UNK
we believe in them 	UNK
remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities 	UNK
'' lacks in depth 	UNK
achieves its main strategic objective 	UNK
delicately performed 	UNK
plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once . 	UNK
racist 	UNK
want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters 	UNK
insanely funny 	UNK
has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy . 	UNK
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation 	UNK
the lines work 	UNK
nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself 	UNK
quite able 	UNK
's not only dull 	UNK
a crowd-pleaser 	UNK
nary a glimmer of self-knowledge 	UNK
-- even more damning -- 	UNK
far more stylish 	UNK
dedicated 	UNK
full frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature . 	UNK
shines 	UNK
a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian ... 	UNK
that tries too hard to be emotional 	UNK
what a reckless squandering of four fine 	UNK
rollicking dark humor 	UNK
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , 	UNK
and neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are . 	UNK
the movie is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay . 	UNK
truly wonderful tale 	UNK
some cute moments 	UNK
pack raw dough in my ears 	UNK
an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera 	UNK
heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign 	UNK
it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . ' 	UNK
just goes on and on and on and on 	UNK
the playful paranoia of the film 's past 	UNK
shot two years ago 	UNK
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory . 	UNK
shines through every frame 	UNK
there 's much to recommend the film . 	UNK
a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera 	UNK
in rhetoric and cliché 	UNK
changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say . 	UNK
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . 	UNK
a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence 	UNK
there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout 	UNK
takes such a speedy swan dive 	UNK
you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs 	UNK
said the film was better than saving private ryan . 	UNK
most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years . 	UNK
perfectly describes pauline & paulette 	UNK
make the attraction a movie 	UNK
an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche 	UNK
there 's a lot of tooth in roger dodger . 	UNK
can report that it is instead a cheap cliché 	UNK
settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking 	UNK
tootsie 	UNK
absorbing characters 	UNK
putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film 	UNK
change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days 	UNK
ends up falling short as a whole 	UNK
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions . 	UNK
would have a good time here . 	UNK
doze off for a few minutes or 	UNK
to life in the performances 	UNK
unlikable characters 	UNK
is often preachy and poorly acted 	UNK
red dragon '' is entertaining . 	UNK
a semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer 	UNK
terrific performance 	UNK
shows excess in business and pleasure 	UNK
that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking 	UNK
this summer that do not involve a dentist drill 	UNK
is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters . 	UNK
tank 	UNK
the movie knew what to do with him 	UNK
you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works 	UNK
like nothing we westerners have seen before 	UNK
( ramsay ) visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor . 	UNK
even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . 	UNK
a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import 	UNK
romantic , riveting and handsomely 	UNK
sensual delights and simmering violence 	UNK
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but 	UNK
we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and meat loaf explodes . 	UNK
charm and charisma 	UNK
see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade 	UNK
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany . 	UNK
a film with a great premise but only a great premise . 	UNK
like ` 	UNK
check your brain 	UNK
tells this very compelling tale 	UNK
guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling 	UNK
is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem 	UNK
justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess 	UNK
this elegant entertainment 	UNK
a visual style unique and inherent 	UNK
by acute writing and a host of splendid performances 	UNK
too long and unfocused 	UNK
boasts enough funny 	UNK
is needed to live a rich and full life . 	UNK
, outrageous , ingenious 	UNK
third time 's the charm 	UNK
refusal 	UNK
visually flashy 	UNK
proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo 	UNK
will enjoy seeing how both evolve 	UNK
listen to extremist name-calling , 	UNK
of the lovable-loser protagonist 	UNK
his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass 	UNK
real raw emotion 	UNK
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and 	UNK
the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature . 	UNK
's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax . 	UNK
as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star 	UNK
self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and 	UNK
a ragbag of cliches 	UNK
need of some trims and 	UNK
miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary . 	UNK
best 	UNK
big shear 	UNK
it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring . 	UNK
the gifted pearce on hand 	UNK
grotesque and 	UNK
this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale 	UNK
of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness 	UNK
is not only a love song to the movies 	UNK
its dying 	UNK
affected child acting 	UNK
this one is not nearly as dreadful as expected . 	UNK
broomfield dresses it up 	UNK
poorly-constructed 	UNK
moving tragedy 	UNK
only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor 	UNK
has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh 	UNK
if considerably less ambitious , 	UNK
gave people seizures 	UNK
ring hollow 	UNK
made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not 	UNK
crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) 	UNK
is just lazy 	UNK
it 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget . 	UNK
ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving 	UNK
that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation 	UNK
're desperate for the evening to end 	UNK
struggle tragically 	UNK
makes the same mistake as the music industry 	UNK
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy 	UNK
pooper-scoopers 	UNK
introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	UNK
of male-ridden angst 	UNK
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam 	UNK
earlier copycat under siege 	UNK
( and probably should have 	UNK
's needed so badly but what is virtually absent 	UNK
ferrara 's best film in years . 	UNK
proficiency 	UNK
an autopsy , the movie 	UNK
deserve but rarely receive it 	UNK
the good , 	UNK
, the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 	UNK
, the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy . 	UNK
90 punitive minutes 	UNK
that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film 	UNK
, you might want to check it out 	UNK
it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character . 	UNK
very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both . 	UNK
like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride . 	UNK
little cleavage 	UNK
a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action 	UNK
relentlessly globalizing 	UNK
comes through all too painfully in the execution 	UNK
is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture 	UNK
committed to growth in his ninth decade 	UNK
... somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks . 	UNK
of film entertainment 	UNK
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , 	UNK
the last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful . 	UNK
its rapid-fire delivery 	UNK
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , 	UNK
a source of high hilarity 	UNK
there is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane . 	UNK
depressingly thin and 	UNK
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , '' 	UNK
little visible talent 	UNK
's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet 	UNK
include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) 	UNK
better effects , 	UNK
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and 	UNK
that movie was pretty bad 	UNK
an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst 	UNK
vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing 	UNK
a stand up and cheer flick 	UNK
slightest difficulty 	UNK
twists to make the formula feel fresh . 	UNK
good-hearted ensemble comedy 	UNK
has little to do with the story , 	UNK
truly revelatory about his psyche 	UNK
of the plot ` surprises ' 	UNK
as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone 	UNK
done , so primitive in technique 	UNK
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension 	UNK
does n't put you off 	UNK
between two gifted performers 	UNK
sumptuous work 	UNK
becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead 	UNK
the world they love and make 	UNK
starts off witty and sophisticated and 	UNK
ludicrous and contrived 	UNK
all-star salute 	UNK
proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy . 	UNK
're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 	UNK
every family 	UNK
's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely 	UNK
visionary 	UNK
seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk 	UNK
dwindles 	UNK
on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed 	UNK
strong cast and surehanded direction 	UNK
draws its considerable power from simplicity 	UNK
quietly inspirational 	UNK
the auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights 	UNK
ruined 	UNK
of pointless mayhem 	UNK
no-surprise 	UNK
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... it 's a pity that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition . 	UNK
most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment 	UNK
be a bit disjointed 	UNK
the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight 	UNK
terminally brain dead production . 	UNK
although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken . 	UNK
though in some ways similar to catherine breillat 's fat girl , rain is the far superior film . 	UNK
fascinating case study 	UNK
a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending . 	UNK
an iconoclastic artist 	UNK
sensitivity and skill 	UNK
make the stones weep -- as shameful 	UNK
polished , well-structured film . 	UNK
nails sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness 	UNK
crisp psychological drama 	UNK
have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention 	UNK
it familiar and insufficiently cathartic 	UNK
it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast 	UNK
flopped 	UNK
vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition 	UNK
a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , 	UNK
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but `` elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases . 	UNK
it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . 	UNK
crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy 	UNK
little style 	UNK
a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter 	UNK
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record . 	UNK
that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees 	UNK
powerful and deeply moving example 	UNK
the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again . 	UNK
a tired , unnecessary retread 	UNK
where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone 	UNK
quiet , decisive moments 	UNK
not a strike 	UNK
's informative and breathtakingly spectacular 	UNK
-- and gross 	UNK
in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast 	UNK
and whirling fight sequences 	UNK
the heart soar 	UNK
because the film deliberately lacks irony 	UNK
as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day 	UNK
has never 	UNK
an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity 	UNK
the edge of their seats 	UNK
, charming 	UNK
's a talking head documentary , but a great one . 	UNK
an interesting psychological game 	UNK
's both charming and well acted 	UNK
arrogant richard pryor wannabe 	UNK
an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears 	UNK
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum . 	UNK
treasure . 	UNK
terrifying angst 	UNK
i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes 	UNK
in the right direction 	UNK
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and 	UNK
the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy 	UNK
big time stinker 	UNK
murky 	UNK
as an intense political and psychological thriller 	UNK
those who like quirky , slightly strange french films 	UNK
none of the plot ` surprises ' 	UNK
number 1 	UNK
some first-rate performances 	UNK
to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history 	UNK
most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes 	UNK
is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does . 	UNK
's ` 	UNK
of french cinema at its best 	UNK
, a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement . 	UNK
watch the film 	UNK
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and 	UNK
deadeningly 	UNK
its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives 	UNK
the man and 	UNK
bold presentation 	UNK
big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . ' 	UNK
a throwback war movie 	UNK
lost 	UNK
its unhurried narrative 	UNK
it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net 	UNK
finds its humor in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him 	UNK
downright silly 	UNK
unrelentingly exploitative 	UNK
who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate 	UNK
if you 're looking for a story , do n't bother . 	UNK
approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all 	UNK
a captivating coming-of-age story 	UNK
pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities 	UNK
mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick . 	UNK
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale 	UNK
a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity . 	UNK
sloppily 	UNK
gawky 	UNK
it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but 	UNK
simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn . 	UNK
you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus 	UNK
comically 	UNK
enjoyed it just as much 	UNK
many such biographical melodramas 	UNK
victorious 	UNK
the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change 	UNK
it 's not an easy one to review . 	UNK
effectively chilling 	UNK
less capable 	UNK
is why film criticism can be considered work . 	UNK
a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky 	UNK
this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream . 	UNK
an enjoyable big movie 	UNK
there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is 	UNK
definitive , if disingenuous , feature 	UNK
in his u.s. debut , mr. schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist . 	UNK
raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit 	UNK
this aging series 	UNK
's made at least one damn fine horror movie 	UNK
see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue 	UNK
morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick . 	UNK
hilarity . 	UNK
overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over rafael 's evolution . 	UNK
are in tatters 	UNK
why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out 	UNK
ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . 	UNK
the unacceptable , the unmentionable 	UNK
good actors , good poetry and 	UNK
this waste 	UNK
a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages 	UNK
no bearing on the story 	UNK
in as flat 	UNK
at lengthy dialogue scenes 	UNK
the somber pacing and lack 	UNK
very good ( but not great ) 	UNK
it made me feel unclean , 	UNK
it 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense . 	UNK
've seen it all before 	UNK
the way 	UNK
it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind 	UNK
morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about . 	UNK
a remarkable film 	UNK
a wonderfully warm human drama 	UNK
, with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers . 	UNK
a work of outstanding originality 	UNK
an unfortunate title 	UNK
fanciful thinkers 	UNK
i 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - arnold is not , nor will he be , back 	UNK
consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay 	UNK
his most critically insightful 	UNK
is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens 	UNK
the speculative effort is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances 	UNK
can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas 	UNK
new best friend '' 	UNK
a greater attention 	UNK
it a failure as straight drama 	UNK
an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight 	UNK
plain bad . 	UNK
staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors . 	UNK
like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas . 	UNK
to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes 	UNK
of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen 	UNK
in the form of dazzling pop entertainment 	UNK
the densest distillation of roberts ' movies 	UNK
heart and humor 	UNK
funny and touching . 	UNK
hazy high 	UNK
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation 	UNK
the overall fabric is hypnotic 	UNK
toothless 	UNK
's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . 	UNK
notice the glaring triteness of the plot device 	UNK
an ordeal 	UNK
, it 's not half-bad . 	UNK
an energy to y tu mamá también 	UNK
bad company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them . 	UNK
, incoherence and sub-sophomoric 	UNK
has the disadvantage of also looking cheap . 	UNK
between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows 	UNK
tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her 	UNK
is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized 	UNK
delusions 	UNK
cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts 	UNK
so hideously and clumsily 	UNK
solid execution 	UNK
a touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way 	UNK
a wildly entertaining 	UNK
it has some problems 	UNK
frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution 	UNK
shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable 	UNK
to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before 	UNK
of the unsalvageability 	UNK
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , 	UNK
matthew lillard is born to play shaggy ! 	UNK
with an amateurish screenplay 	UNK
the best ` old neighborhood ' project 	UNK
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and 	UNK
it would be better to wait for the video . 	UNK
manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents 	UNK
hit you from the first scene 	UNK
's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise 	UNK
while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up 	UNK
is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses 	UNK
miserably 	UNK
amusing us 	UNK
in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain 	UNK
will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again 	UNK
creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances 	UNK
natural , even-flowing tone 	UNK
'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche 	UNK
take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film 	UNK
assured , vital and well wrought 	UNK
captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other . '' 	UNK
damning and damned compelling 	UNK
not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season . 	UNK
boring , pretentious muddle 	UNK
as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention 	UNK
irrelevant 	UNK
get top billing 	UNK
blind to the silliness 	UNK
home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it . 	UNK
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , 	UNK
of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt 	UNK
the positive change 	UNK
is one word that best describes this film : honest . 	UNK
you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot . 	UNK
ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another 	UNK
a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director malcolm d. lee and writer john ridley 	UNK
manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum 	UNK
desultory 	UNK
if this is cinema 	UNK
should be tried as a war criminal 	UNK
directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann 	UNK
other than the very sluggish pace ) 	UNK
, natural acting 	UNK
content 	UNK
as antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion . 	UNK
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut 	UNK
what may be the performances of their careers 	UNK
rare insight 	UNK
i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too . 	UNK
mr. deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way . 	UNK
blessed 	UNK
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic . 	UNK
you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth . 	UNK
the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 	UNK
caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose . 	UNK
of great monster/science fiction flicks 	UNK
for a great film noir 	UNK
's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us 	UNK
on the monster 's path of destruction 	UNK
is to substitute plot for personality . 	UNK
an overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy . 	UNK
, it does n't disappoint . 	UNK
its courageousness , and 	UNK
incapable of being boring 	UNK
this sad , compulsive life 	UNK
i saw this one 	UNK
director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers 	UNK
paints an absurdly simplistic picture 	UNK
treasure and 	UNK
was particularly funny 	UNK
is in need of a scented bath 	UNK
the park 	UNK
like running out screaming 	UNK
through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy 	UNK
if damon and affleck attempt another project greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about . 	UNK
a must-see 	UNK
be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic 	UNK
burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , 	UNK
directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured . 	UNK
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen 	UNK
' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award . 	UNK
a travesty 	UNK
queen of the damned is too long with too little going on . 	UNK
america , history 	UNK
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite 	UNK
charming , thought-provoking new york fest 	UNK
corrupt and hedonistic weasels 	UNK
superfluous sequel 	UNK
has a new career ahead of him 	UNK
wore 	UNK
'' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams . 	UNK
are they like humans , only hairier 	UNK
while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit major would have thought possible . 	UNK
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way 	UNK
report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks 	UNK
returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension . 	UNK
lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing 	UNK
like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids . 	UNK
of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light 	UNK
hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before 	UNK
not too filling 	UNK
worst movies 	UNK
on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 	UNK
some visual virtues 	UNK
more coming-of-age stories 	UNK
a marginal thumbs 	UNK
an unbelievably stupid film 	UNK
skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor 	UNK
alienate 	UNK
to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch 	UNK
dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors 	UNK
offers a ray of hope 	UNK
a generic bloodbath that often becomes 	UNK
the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale 	UNK
reasonably good time 	UNK
and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor . 	UNK
a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency 	UNK
a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure 	UNK
committed dumbness 	UNK
the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences 	UNK
inside an enigma 	UNK
, villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical . 	UNK
it makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here . 	UNK
creepy , intermittently powerful study 	UNK
funny or 	UNK
on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt 	UNK
tits 	UNK
may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults . 	UNK
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' 	UNK
the worst kind of hubristic folly 	UNK
giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective 	UNK
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and 	UNK
the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second 	UNK
unmentionable 	UNK
ethnic 	UNK
the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring 	UNK
extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking 	UNK
the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ... 	UNK
has already reached its expiration date 	UNK
the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting 	UNK
fantasy and adventure 	UNK
if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is 	UNK
that rare family movie 	UNK
a fascinating character 	UNK
been better than the fiction 	UNK
simple and precise 	UNK
grow boring 	UNK
taken as a whole , the tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot . 	UNK
is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort . 	UNK
just about the surest bet 	UNK
plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up . 	UNK
great american comedy 	UNK
middle-of-the-road blandness 	UNK
seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary 	UNK
that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films 	UNK
freeman and judd make it work 	UNK
just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way . 	UNK
its sparkling beauty 	UNK
read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love . 	UNK
hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light 	UNK
's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery 	UNK
as an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; 	UNK
clichéd and 	UNK
at once both refreshingly different 	UNK
is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 	UNK
trivializing it 	UNK
that both thrills the eye and 	UNK
the bad sound , 	UNK
this submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot . 	UNK
enjoy 	UNK
a spark of new inspiration in it 	UNK
powerful 	UNK
know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama 	UNK
the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film . 	UNK
all the halfhearted zeal 	UNK
contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls 	UNK
have reinvigorated the romance genre 	UNK
is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously . 	UNK
the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of . 	UNK
a freshness and modesty 	UNK
create 	UNK
banal bore 	UNK
manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability 	UNK
uniformly superb 	UNK
squandering 	UNK
mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , group articulates a flood of emotion . 	UNK
comically dismal social realism 	UNK
never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy 	UNK
things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films 	UNK
this girl deserves a sequel 	UNK
treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina 	UNK
's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight 	UNK
and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen . 	UNK
no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - 	UNK
is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn 	UNK
is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love . 	UNK
desperately needed 	UNK
, he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable 	UNK
unexplainable 	UNK
one of the year 's best films 	UNK
disquieting triumph 	UNK
elegantly 	UNK
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident . 	UNK
the problem with wendigo , 	UNK
interesting topic 	UNK
has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear 	UNK
the power 	UNK
have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role 	UNK
passe ' 	UNK
when one has nothing else to watch 	UNK
the people in jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out . 	UNK
achingly sad 	UNK
medium-grade network sitcom 	UNK
characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity 	UNK
an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking 	UNK
thought-provoking film 	UNK
where nothing really happens . 	UNK
with material this rich it does n't need it 	UNK
beautifully detailed performances 	UNK
it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists 	UNK
charged music to the ears of cho 's fans 	UNK
crisp , unaffected style 	UNK
brims with passion : 	UNK
a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain 	UNK
manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state . 	UNK
could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy . 	UNK
enough interest 	UNK
behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco 	UNK
lower-wit 	UNK
in the best possible senses of both those words 	UNK
find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating 	UNK
a sudden turn and devolves 	UNK
a little more intensity 	UNK
anticipated 	UNK
without cheesy fun factor 	UNK
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity 	UNK
it look as though they are having so much fun 	UNK
is on full , irritating display in ( this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot 	UNK
more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms 	UNK
detract from the athleticism 	UNK
no amount of nostalgia for carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it . 	UNK
's brilliant ` 	UNK
of hollywood heart-string plucking 	UNK
most offensive 	UNK
overwrought and crudely literal 	UNK
the lousy tarantino imitations 	UNK
there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue 	UNK
's nothing very attractive about this movie 	UNK
scarcely worth a mention 	UNK
like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas 	UNK
its considerable power 	UNK
scary , action-packed chiller 	UNK
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism . 	UNK
dramatic urgency 	UNK
extended , open-ended poem 	UNK
for humor and bite 	UNK
brings us another masterpiece 	UNK
bad trip 	UNK
many bona fide groaners among too few laughs 	UNK
than to rush to the theater for this one 	UNK
indecent 	UNK
a less-than-thrilling thriller . 	UNK
lavish period scenery 	UNK
luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing 	UNK
is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves 	UNK
what one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream . 	UNK
depth or complexity 	UNK
purposefully reductive movie 	UNK
last year 's lame musketeer 	UNK
deeply pessimistic 	UNK
that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something 	UNK
storytelling 	UNK
of riveting power and sadness 	UNK
uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds 	UNK
... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments . 	UNK
also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them . 	UNK
, they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck . 	UNK
reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap 	UNK
miracle 	UNK
the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) 	UNK
she is a lioness 	UNK
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , 	UNK
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before . 	UNK
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea . 	UNK
becoming irritating 	UNK
delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory 	UNK
the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining 	UNK
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling 	UNK
's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points 	UNK
of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants 	UNK
deceit 	UNK
young man 's 	UNK
is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness 	UNK
guilt-free 	UNK
smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks . 	UNK
farts , urine , feces 	UNK
the martial arts master to top form 	UNK
bargain-basement european pickup 	UNK
successful adaptation 	UNK
nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride 	UNK
its metaphors 	UNK
wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some 	UNK
borderline insulting 	UNK
disingenuous , 	UNK
does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but 	UNK
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness . 	UNK
cheap , graceless , hackneyed 	UNK
we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity 	UNK
to be fully forgotten 	UNK
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws . 	UNK
watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell 	UNK
're desperate for the evening to end . 	UNK
surprisingly short of both adventure and song 	UNK
for all the wit and hoopla 	UNK
excellent use 	UNK
absorbing look 	UNK
searing lead performance 	UNK
aging series 	UNK
i ca n't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops . 	UNK
this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller . 	UNK
good than great 	UNK
combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture 	UNK
has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favor of an altogether darker side 	UNK
thinks-it-is joke 	UNK
this dog of a movie 	UNK
seem like the proper cup of tea 	UNK
falters 	UNK
are far more alienating than involving . 	UNK
a true study , a film with a questioning heart 	UNK
lots of effort and intelligence are on display 	UNK
has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline 	UNK
`` horrible '' and `` terrible 	UNK
if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication 	UNK
the shining , the thing , 	UNK
it 's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo . 	UNK
rent the disney version 	UNK
have been the ultimate imax trip 	UNK
, wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title . 	UNK
ability to think 	UNK
is one summer film that satisfies 	UNK
a lot to recommend read my lips 	UNK
beauty and 	UNK
dupe the viewer 	UNK
valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in 	UNK
ultimately life-affirming 	UNK
turd 	UNK
humorous and heartfelt , douglas mcgrath 's version of ` nicholas nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful . 	UNK
committed 	UNK
two fine actors , 	UNK
love it , too . 	UNK
there are no special effects , and no hollywood endings . 	UNK
ultimately ... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . 	UNK
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really 	UNK
expertly plucking tension from quiet 	UNK
america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony 	UNK
within a wallflower 	UNK
superb performers 	UNK
little-known perspective 	UNK
is stiff or just plain bad . 	UNK
be something to behold 	UNK
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond . 	UNK
doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body 	UNK
drags it back 	UNK
'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds 	UNK
mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant 	UNK
jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style 	UNK
fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty 	UNK
a minimalist beauty and the beast 	UNK
is n't quite out of ripe 	UNK
toilet humor , ethnic slurs 	UNK
any less entertaining 	UNK
overflowing septic tank 	UNK
objective documentary 	UNK
then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees . 	UNK
, savvy , compelling 	UNK
sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are 	UNK
is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance 	UNK
put you off 	UNK
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message 	UNK
the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with 	UNK
it 's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can . 	UNK
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find 	UNK
solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy 	UNK
carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect 	UNK
some unpaid intern 	UNK
low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 	UNK
a moving and weighty depiction of one family 	UNK
at ease sharing the same scene 	UNK
where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor 	UNK
adams just copies from various sources 	UNK
an interesting slice of history . 	UNK
add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments 	UNK
is too much of a plunge 	UNK
of our making 	UNK
excels 	UNK
makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 	UNK
fast-paced and wonderfully edited 	UNK
the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john 	UNK
the most compelling performance of the year 	UNK
the best actors there is 	UNK
twice as bestial but half as funny 	UNK
there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . 	UNK
a phlegmatic bore , 	UNK
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul 	UNK
's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images 	UNK
self-discovery handled with such sensitivity 	UNK
will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists . 	UNK
every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible 	UNK
not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing 	UNK
intimate and panoramic 	UNK
of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor 	UNK
in unexpected ways , touching 	UNK
first-rate performances 	UNK
cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and 	UNK
anguished 	UNK
make for a bad film 	UNK
to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories 	UNK
is truth 	UNK
shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable 	UNK
in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage 	UNK
unfocused and tediously exasperating 	UNK
genuine excitement 	UNK
on its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture . 	UNK
will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche 	UNK
they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor . 	UNK
a total washout 	UNK
summer fluff 	UNK
unmistakable , easy 	UNK
a clear-eyed 	UNK
the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters 	UNK
as ex-marine walter , who may or may not have shot kennedy , actor raymond j. barry is perfectly creepy and believable . 	UNK
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous 	UNK
entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's 	UNK
manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks . 	UNK
attributable to a movie like this 	UNK
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect 	UNK
craig bartlett and director tuck tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters . 	UNK
presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale 	UNK
hard-driving narcissism is a given 	UNK
being surprisingly dull 	UNK
in a fat man 's navel 	UNK
rejected must have been astronomically bad 	UNK
a simple `` goddammit 	UNK
thornier 	UNK
while most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world . 	UNK
film buffs will eat up like so much gelati 	UNK
claustrophobic 	UNK
with tremendous skill 	UNK
blazingly alive and admirable on many levels 	UNK
of cinema 's directorial giants 	UNK
drags during its 112-minute length 	UNK
enthralling aesthetic experience 	UNK
gets the tone just right 	UNK
turns out to be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness 	UNK
fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless 	UNK
paper-thin and 	UNK
can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good 	UNK
no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same 	UNK
the next a turgid drama 	UNK
is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world 	UNK
proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be . 	UNK
negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship 	UNK
this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday . 	UNK
's hardly a necessary enterprise . 	UNK
malcolm mcdowell is cool . 	UNK
ice cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin 	UNK
suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man 	UNK
in all the best possible ways 	UNK
, i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals . 	UNK
smart , romantic drama 	UNK
, you 're on the edge of your seat 	UNK
um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ? 	UNK
to the illogic of its characters 	UNK
a low-budget series 	UNK
's not trying to laugh at how bad 	UNK
has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama 	UNK
has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense 	UNK
long and relentlessly saccharine 	UNK
references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit 	UNK
highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast 	UNK
lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this 	UNK
sensual and funny 	UNK
written , flatly 	UNK
she 's not funny 	UNK
terrific special effects 	UNK
is one of the year 's best . 	UNK
if the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , jacquot preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera . 	UNK
made , on all levels , 	UNK
as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops 	UNK
enthusiastic charm 	UNK
be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense . 	UNK
glancing vividly back 	UNK
that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history 	UNK
've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness 	UNK
remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt 	UNK
is a horrible movie 	UNK
clever and suspenseful 	UNK
a three-hour cinema master class . 	UNK
the film 's desire to be liked sometimes 	UNK
a smartly written motion picture 	UNK
their outrageousness 	UNK
is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half 	UNK
relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script 	UNK
a creepy and dead-on performance 	UNK
unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style . 	UNK
you missed the point 	UNK
has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier . 	UNK
give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy 	UNK
has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness 	UNK
deceptions 	UNK
proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny 	UNK
but a little too smugly 	UNK
most flamboyant female comics 	UNK
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and 	UNK
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry 	UNK
a fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists 	UNK
believe that resident evil is not it 	UNK
well-crafted family film 	UNK
thrill 	UNK
awesome 	UNK
piercing domestic drama 	UNK
go back and choose to skip it 	UNK
run-of-the-mill profanity 	UNK
bittersweet 	UNK
mediocre movie 	UNK
all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own 	UNK
the movie is about as deep as that sentiment . 	UNK
solid and refined piece 	UNK
it 's not too fast and not too slow . 	UNK
with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill . 	UNK
93 minutes of unrecoverable life 	UNK
's self-defeatingly decorous 	UNK
but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass . 	UNK
a sour taste in one 's mouth , 	UNK
high-profile name 	UNK
of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days 	UNK
the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem 	UNK
this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts 	UNK
it is also beautifully acted . 	UNK
sprightly spin 	UNK
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul 	UNK
college 	UNK
from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out . 	UNK
of the most genuinely sweet films 	UNK
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... ( it ) comes off like a hallmark commercial 	UNK
obnoxious 88-minute 	UNK
is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film 	UNK
the fat 	UNK
is disappointing 	UNK
footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire 	UNK
plainly dull and visually ugly 	UNK
another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults 	UNK
, this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences . 	UNK
the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music . 	UNK
it 's a spectacular performance - ahem 	UNK
presents a frightening and compelling ` what if 	UNK
even predictable remake 	UNK
puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula 	UNK
we value in our daily lives 	UNK
as an actor 's showcase , hart 's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player . 	UNK
is distressingly rote 	UNK
captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics 	UNK
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but 	UNK
all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain 	UNK
with humor 	UNK
a sobering and powerful documentary 	UNK
casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , 	UNK
, amusing study 	UNK
technical triumph 	UNK
gluing you to the edge of your seat 	UNK
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers 	UNK
you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain . 	UNK
who deserve but rarely receive it 	UNK
most aggressive and most sincere 	UNK
be used to burn every print of the film 	UNK
takes too long to shake 	UNK
like a prison stretch 	UNK
it 's self-defeatingly decorous 	UNK
a fanciful drama about napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility 	UNK
its own direction 	UNK
exciting documentary 	UNK
their own cleverness 	UNK
if you 're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver 's license 	UNK
is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice 	UNK
a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing ! 	UNK
neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief 	UNK
for proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet . 	UNK
it 's not really funny 	UNK
savagely 	UNK
that storytelling has value can not be denied . 	UNK
is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad . 	UNK
indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest 	UNK
concentration 	UNK
tendency to slip into hokum 	UNK
is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work . 	UNK
admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and 	UNK
funny , and even touching 	UNK
to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum 	UNK
find an escape clause 	UNK
spout hilarious dialogue 	UNK
disturbing disregard 	UNK
in the arguments of competing lawyers 	UNK
of that moral favorite 	UNK
by folks worthy of scorn 	UNK
achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence 	UNK
confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture . 	UNK
a failure of storytelling 	UNK
jackass is a vulgar and 	UNK
drama that takes itself all too seriously 	UNK
is extraordinary 	UNK
, but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera 	UNK
some like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny . 	UNK
dislikable 	UNK
voyeuristic spectacle 	UNK
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , 	UNK
updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place 	UNK
on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 	UNK
nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - 	UNK
pretty funny 	UNK
striking style 	UNK
contains no wit , only labored gags . 	UNK
bogged down over 140 minutes 	UNK
fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency 	UNK
gently funny , sweetly adventurous 	UNK
a majestic achievement , 	UNK
star-studded 	UNK
undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama 	UNK
to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors 	UNK
... a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet . 	UNK
a cut above the rest 	UNK
that interweaves individual stories 	UNK
sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it 	UNK
old porridge 	UNK
as an eloquent memorial 	UNK
familiar and predictable , 	UNK
iconic hero 	UNK
a big splash 	UNK
a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made 	UNK
a joy 	UNK
articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy . 	UNK
understands characters must come first 	UNK
it has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition . 	UNK
is its reliance on formula 	UNK
it feels much longer 	UNK
marvelous documentary touches 	UNK
, sweaty-palmed fun 	UNK
freddy gets molested by a dog 	UNK
sadly , ` garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . ' 	UNK
what kind of sewage 	UNK
can see coming a mile away 	UNK
the script by vincent r. nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot . 	UNK
lots of hollywood fluff 	UNK
awful snooze . 	UNK
sentimentalized 	UNK
an astonishing voice cast 	UNK
popular gulzar and jagjit singh 	UNK
a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie 	UNK
an ambitious movie 	UNK
witty 	UNK
too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy 	UNK
prozac nation 	UNK
dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . 	UNK
, ` santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative . 	UNK
a fine effort 	UNK
the triumph of his band 	UNK
mediocre end 	UNK
is amateurish 	UNK
the strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting . 	UNK
're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic 	UNK
's too close to real life to make sense 	UNK
feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark . 	UNK
illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood 	UNK
at heart is a sweet little girl 	UNK
tainted 	UNK
tired stereotypes 	UNK
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof . 	UNK
tragic waste 	UNK
after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be . 	UNK
a deft pace master and stylist 	UNK
godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks . 	UNK
they do n't fit well together 	UNK
does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen 	UNK
moulin rouge 	UNK
colorful , dramatized pbs program 	UNK
're far better served by the source material 	UNK
of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome 	UNK
authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment . 	UNK
the intended , er , spirit 	UNK
as well-conceived as either of those films 	UNK
a sharp script and 	UNK
have a fun , no-frills ride 	UNK
deep-seated , emotional need 	UNK
personified in the film 's simple title 	UNK
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses 	UNK
good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it 	UNK
condescending stereotypes 	UNK
is amazing , yes 	UNK
it has a genuine dramatic impact 	UNK
`` sorority boys '' was funnier , 	UNK
its sweet time 	UNK
thoughtfulness 	UNK
watch people 	UNK
as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah 	UNK
visual clarity and deeply 	UNK
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film 	UNK
video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all 	UNK
looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights . 	UNK
honest , sensitive story 	UNK
( t ) he ideas of revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution 	UNK
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does . 	UNK
a halfway intriguing plot 	UNK
klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed . 	UNK
2002 's first great film 	UNK
its paint fights , motorized scooter chases 	UNK
do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going . 	UNK
little action , almost 	UNK
it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie 	UNK
to believe in it the most 	UNK
the full monty , but a really strong second effort 	UNK
has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star . 	UNK
clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes 	UNK
too stagey 	UNK
requiring a great deal of thought 	UNK
enduring strengths 	UNK
offers a desperately ingratiating performance 	UNK
tired , unimaginative and derivative 	UNK
is a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen . 	UNK
stale 	UNK
an undeniably moving film to experience , and 	UNK
its whimsical humor 	UNK
its good qualities 	UNK
one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms 	UNK
jaw-droppingly beautiful work 	UNK
there are laughs aplenty , 	UNK
funny and well-contructed black comedy 	UNK
grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made 	UNK
will be well worth your time 	UNK
seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times . 	UNK
same old story 	UNK
is solid , satisfying fare for adults 	UNK
shallow styles 	UNK
efficiency and 	UNK
set up 	UNK
as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer . 	UNK
ends up sounding like satire 	UNK
, the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity . 	UNK
( soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and 	UNK
seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense 	UNK
begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject 	UNK
are great rewards here 	UNK
terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating 	UNK
the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible 	UNK
slapstick sequences 	UNK
suitably elegant 	UNK
the most moronic screenplays 	UNK
i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me 	UNK
a splash 	UNK
is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes 	UNK
comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness . 	UNK
the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo . 	UNK
sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , 	UNK
, at times sublime , visuals 	UNK
a.c. will help this movie one bit 	UNK
be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker 	UNK
disquietingly 	UNK
abstract approach 	UNK
a sleek advert 	UNK
variable 	UNK
has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper 	UNK
muddy psychological 	UNK
a film that comes along every day . 	UNK
this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . 	UNK
's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion 	UNK
thoughtlessly assembled 	UNK
edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde 	UNK
though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab 	UNK
( carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated 	UNK
it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something 	UNK
cheap cliché 	UNK
slopped ` 	UNK
faint of heart or conservative of spirit 	UNK
the upbeat ending 	UNK
makes each crumb of emotional comfort 	UNK
a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent 	UNK
of the lightweight female empowerment 	UNK
that 's as crisp and to the point 	UNK
snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this . 	UNK
writer/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results . 	UNK
can take the grandkids or the grandparents and 	UNK
addition to being very funny 	UNK
a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism 	UNK
to hit all of its marks 	UNK
one of the year 's best films , featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore . 	UNK
of purpose or even a plot 	UNK
olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama 	UNK
do all three quite well 	UNK
seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum . 	UNK
to suffer ' 	UNK
made tucker a star 	UNK
's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess 	UNK
adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say 	UNK
children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and 	UNK
is workmanlike in the extreme 	UNK
an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship 	UNK
of his sweetness and vulnerability 	UNK
putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora 's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest 	UNK
humanly possible 	UNK
is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain . 	UNK
the off-center humor 	UNK
overtly silly dialogue 	UNK
the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy 	UNK
happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares 	UNK
amiable but 	UNK
terribly funny 	UNK
a film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy 	UNK
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence 	UNK
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters 	UNK
bad writing , 	UNK
maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in 	UNK
an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent 	UNK
with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life 	UNK
to make their way through this tragedy 	UNK
directs , ideally 	UNK
a movie like the guys is why film criticism can be considered work . 	UNK
just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain . 	UNK
leave them singing long after the credits roll 	UNK
have decades of life as a classic movie franchise 	UNK
the journey does n't really go anywhere . 	UNK
'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper . 	UNK
of ridiculousness 	UNK
a milquetoast movie 	UNK
, it 's a work of enthralling drama 	UNK
is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly . 	UNK
so believable that you feel what they feel 	UNK
is difficult to fathom . 	UNK
a road-trip drama 	UNK
best date movie 	UNK
flat and 	UNK
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment 	UNK
full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing . 	UNK
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness 	UNK
into an intense and engrossing head-trip 	UNK
( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but 	UNK
camaraderie 	UNK
by the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing . 	UNK
film that loses sight of its own story 	UNK
a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact . 	UNK
moore wonderfully 	UNK
crafty , energetic and smart 	UNK
run for your lives 	UNK
truly terrible . 	UNK
sweetness , clarity and emotional 	UNK
severe flaws 	UNK
get on television 	UNK
adorably ditsy but 	UNK
sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely . 	UNK
seriously dumb 	UNK
ear-pleasing songs 	UNK
old garbage 	UNK
, bad , bad movie 	UNK
love liza 's 	UNK
, can prevent its tragic waste of life 	UNK
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and 	UNK
searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful 	UNK
's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland . 	UNK
romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here 	UNK
suffers from all the excesses of the genre . 	UNK
uniformly good 	UNK
solidly entertaining and moving 	UNK
have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way . 	UNK
a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project ! 	UNK
takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative 	UNK
green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese . 	UNK
austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later . 	UNK
the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion 	UNK
visual poetry 	UNK
still seems timely and important . 	UNK
there 's lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x. 	UNK
is impressively true for being so hot-blooded 	UNK
while not for every taste 	UNK
eloquent ( meditation ) on death and that most elusive of passions 	UNK
weepy melodrama 	UNK
flimsy flicks 	UNK
's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition . 	UNK
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him 	UNK
special walk 	UNK
that shows the promise of digital filmmaking 	UNK
suited 	UNK
fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context 	UNK
in auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer . 	UNK
, tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage 	UNK
kapur modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare . 	UNK
consistently intelligent 	UNK
classy 	UNK
did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy 	UNK
evocative imagery 	UNK
would be a total washout . 	UNK
shakes you vigorously for its duration 	UNK
's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit . 	UNK
` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science 	UNK
a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor . 	UNK
beg the question ` why 	UNK
brings the proper conviction to his role as ( jason bourne ) 	UNK
twisted shapes history 	UNK
this refreshing visit 	UNK
lurid and less than lucid work . 	UNK
the movie looks genuinely pretty . 	UNK
fine music never heard 	UNK
denzel 	UNK
visually compelling one 	UNK
relentlessly downbeat 	UNK
a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects 	UNK
director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times . 	UNK
bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary 	UNK
attraction 	UNK
, eloquent film 	UNK
, his little changes ring hollow 	UNK
a special kind of movie 	UNK
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it 	UNK
terrific look 	UNK
to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen 	UNK
the retro gang melodrama 	UNK
sentimentalizing it 	UNK
overcooked soufflé 	UNK
not-so-funny 	UNK
still shines in her quiet blue eyes 	UNK
what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching . 	UNK
portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue 	UNK
'' overcome its weaknesses 	UNK
each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture 	UNK
stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious . 	UNK
fit well together 	UNK
a tidal wave of plot 	UNK
that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful 	UNK
to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky 	UNK
it made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire . 	UNK
would have made vittorio de sica proud 	UNK
a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise . 	UNK
dumb story 	UNK
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and 	UNK
that would have made vittorio de sica proud 	UNK
me without you has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood . 	UNK
that actually manages to bring something new into the mix 	UNK
provocative central wedding sequence 	UNK
where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony 	UNK
a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke 	UNK
sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors . 	UNK
the earnest emotional core 	UNK
amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise 	UNK
retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash 	UNK
have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors 	UNK
plastered with one hollywood cliche 	UNK
-- and far less crass 	UNK
for all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there 's something creepy about this movie . 	UNK
, the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . 	UNK
weird little movie 	UNK
poo-poo jokes 	UNK
america 's thirst 	UNK
emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right 	UNK
the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy ) genre a bad name . 	UNK
a thinking man 's 	UNK
the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery . 	UNK
breathtakingly assured and stylish 	UNK
is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack 	UNK
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong . 	UNK
i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious 	UNK
of ( witherspoon 's ) better films 	UNK
revelatory 	UNK
an average b-movie 	UNK
confined 	UNK
sinks further and further 	UNK
poetic , heartbreaking 	UNK
is funny , insightfully human 	UNK
a playful respite 	UNK
us to forget most of the film 's problems 	UNK
bad company . 	UNK
layered , well-developed characters and some surprises 	UNK
pointed personalities , courage , tragedy 	UNK
any less psycho 	UNK
runs on the pure adrenalin 	UNK
, peculiar and always entertaining costume drama 	UNK
, you 're a jet all the way 	UNK
worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production 	UNK
is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) 	UNK
film that will enthrall the whole family 	UNK
too stagy 	UNK
we 've liked klein 's other work but rollerball left us cold . 	UNK
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root 	UNK
the film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots 	UNK
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film 	UNK
could n't really figure out how to flesh either out 	UNK
fairly predictable psychological thriller 	UNK
witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic . 	UNK
especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english 	UNK
teeth-gnashing actorliness 	UNK
an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow 	UNK
high art 	UNK
one of them 	UNK
telling a fascinating character 's story 	UNK
anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket 	UNK
too heavy for the plot 	UNK
for reverence and a little wit 	UNK
too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work . 	UNK
fun , 	UNK
an uneasy mix 	UNK
if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick 	UNK
drawn engaging characters 	UNK
most good-hearted yet sensual 	UNK
a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies . 	UNK
muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner . 	UNK
are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , 	UNK
manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting . 	UNK
the film is not only a love song to the movies 	UNK
just a string of stale gags 	UNK
this film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost . 	UNK
is little else 	UNK
because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple 	UNK
lacks the utter authority of a genre gem 	UNK
, this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary . 	UNK
, it already has one strike against it . 	UNK
where a masterpiece should be 	UNK
'll like it 	UNK
solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke 	UNK
liked by the people who can still give him work 	UNK
exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza 	UNK
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but 	UNK
jet 	UNK
with its own cuteness 	UNK
chasing who 	UNK
engaging mix 	UNK
take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead 	UNK
's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast 	UNK
but because of the startling intimacy 	UNK
are acting horribly 	UNK
the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable 	UNK
mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor . 	UNK
at 2002 's sundance festival 	UNK
a way that verges on the amateurish 	UNK
strikes a potent chemistry 	UNK
old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment . 	UNK
buy is an accomplished actress , 	UNK
hugely entertaining and uplifting 	UNK
certainly the performances are worthwhile . 	UNK
too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient . 	UNK
intensely lived 	UNK
is bad 	UNK
about this love story 	UNK
me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes 	UNK
dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography 	UNK
exuberant 	UNK
may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not 	UNK
impostor is a step down for director gary fleder . 	UNK
is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction . 	UNK
heated sexuality 	UNK
reinvigorated 	UNK
... watching it was painful . 	UNK
evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn . 	UNK
` unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory . 	UNK
world trade center tragedy 	UNK
refreshingly smart and newfangled variation 	UNK
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act . 	UNK
plod 	UNK
a riveting documentary . 	UNK
, featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 	UNK
personal velocity 	UNK
went 8 movies ago 	UNK
are an immensely appealing couple 	UNK
discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus 	UNK
it promised it would be 	UNK
are incredibly captivating and insanely funny 	UNK
is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless 	UNK
too mushy 	UNK
dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater 	UNK
's just rather leaden and dull . 	UNK
all as very important 	UNK
the only question ... is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering . 	UNK
of what it actually means to face your fears 	UNK
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and 	UNK
is vivacious 	UNK
von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke 	UNK
lumbering , wheezy 	UNK
you feel like a sucker 	UNK
is n't one true ` chan moment ' 	UNK
delivers without sham the raw-nerved story . 	UNK
routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny 	UNK
florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama 	UNK
a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life . 	UNK
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling 	UNK
charismatic 	UNK
clumsiness 	UNK
an amazing breakthrough 	UNK
due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter . 	UNK
there 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , 	UNK
it actually improves upon the original hit movie 	UNK
smart , provocative drama 	UNK
, common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit sascha . 	UNK
tremendous 	UNK
parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they 	UNK
could restage the whole thing in your bathtub 	UNK
a low-budget affair , tadpole 	UNK
do anything 	UNK
make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime 	UNK
funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy 	UNK
bias 	UNK
is hartley 's least accessible screed 	UNK
conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year 	UNK
's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary 	UNK
slightly less successful than the first 	UNK
moving performance 	UNK
a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige 	UNK
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , 	UNK
it 's a work of enthralling drama 	UNK
meets his future wife 	UNK
, we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing . 	UNK
instantly forgettable 	UNK
unsatisfying 	UNK
a glorified episode 	UNK
's a lousy one at that . 	UNK
unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile . 	UNK
wars 	UNK
honestly nice little film 	UNK
the humor and humanity 	UNK
bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness 	UNK
because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving 	UNK
are neither original 	UNK
unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema . 	UNK
a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con . 	UNK
life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad 	UNK
his intellectual rigor 	UNK
honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film 	UNK
dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue 	UNK
a disney pic 	UNK
, crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . 	UNK
undeniably moving 	UNK
into a lyrical and celebratory vision 	UNK
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost . 	UNK
does n't live up to material 	UNK
is rather choppy 	UNK
of the movie 's success 	UNK
the astonishingly pivotal role 	UNK
that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people 	UNK
the average white band 's `` pick up the pieces 	UNK
grow boring ... 	UNK
invites unflattering comparisons 	UNK
the right conditions 	UNK
brisk , reverent , and subtly different 	UNK
shakes you vigorously 	UNK
proves it 's never too late to learn 	UNK
why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me . 	UNK
oddly moving 	UNK
a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy 	UNK
that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people 	UNK
mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either . 	UNK
, imagination and insight 	UNK
the edge of your seat 	UNK
it 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell . 	UNK
jack o ' 	UNK
naturalistic acting 	UNK
's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours . 	UNK
by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war 	UNK
sex with strangers is a success . 	UNK
, director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers 	UNK
compassion , sacrifice , and christian love 	UNK
they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting . 	UNK
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ? 	UNK
permits laughter 	UNK
, standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages . 	UNK
it 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective . 	UNK
by now intolerable 	UNK
although made on a shoestring and unevenly 	UNK
with steven seagal 	UNK
is consistently amusing and engrossing ... 	UNK
you feel good , you feel sad , 	UNK
is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts 	UNK
( sports ) admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency . 	UNK
captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better 	UNK
, credible 	UNK
the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 	UNK
's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival 	UNK
this waste of time 	UNK
that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic 	UNK
conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects 	UNK
a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire 	UNK
wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way 	UNK
cheap , b movie way 	UNK
i was entranced . 	UNK
a copy of a copy of a copy 	UNK
mesmerizing 	UNK
pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars 	UNK
realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and 	UNK
transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil 	UNK
mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies 	UNK
for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster 	UNK
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring . 	UNK
is enjoyable family fare 	UNK
, instantly disposable 	UNK
an almost sure-fire prescription 	UNK
sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen . 	UNK
one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year 	UNK
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise 	UNK
a good shot 	UNK
redundant , sloppy 	UNK
do n't even like their characters 	UNK
little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors 	UNK
will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . '' 	UNK
others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 	UNK
good things happen to bad people 	UNK
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one . 	UNK
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , 	UNK
lifeless rumblings 	UNK
major problem 	UNK
not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 	UNK
is analytical 	UNK
works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm 	UNK
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting 	UNK
is warm , inviting , and surprising 	UNK
a fine idea 	UNK
the charm of the first movie is still there , and 	UNK
vanity project 	UNK
's very beavis and butthead , yet always 	UNK
a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that 	UNK
warm your heart 	UNK
, no-frills ride 	UNK
, unmemorable filler . 	UNK
the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters 	UNK
emotional intelligence 	UNK
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies 	UNK
visceral and spiritual 	UNK
he 's a better actor than a standup comedian . 	UNK
, this dumas adaptation entertains 	UNK
the man 	UNK
there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) 	UNK
confessions is n't always coherent , 	UNK
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary . 	UNK
but it was n't . 	UNK
crummy-looking videotape 	UNK
this is downright movie penance 	UNK
the slow , lingering death of imagination 	UNK
director douglas mcgrath 	UNK
of a first-rate cast 	UNK
nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit . 	UNK
all the outward elements of the original 	UNK
of riveting set pieces 	UNK
a very valuable film 	UNK
openness , the little surprises 	UNK
is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew 	UNK
, it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship . 	UNK
no thanks . 	UNK
this comic slugfest 	UNK
a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them 	UNK
, uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery 	UNK
is lacking 	UNK
buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free 	UNK
, the hot chick is pretty damned funny . 	UNK
a lot of talent 	UNK
problematic 	UNK
what 's even more remarkable 	UNK
has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs . 	UNK
authenticate 	UNK
should share screenwriting credit 	UNK
chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact 	UNK
the fun 	UNK
, hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor . 	UNK
feel fresh 	UNK
the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery 	UNK
it 's his strongest performance since the doors 	UNK
's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur . 	UNK
embraces it , energizes it 	UNK
del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy . 	UNK
without reeking of research library dust 	UNK
a much needed kick , making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years 	UNK
fling gags at it 	UNK
stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying 	UNK
it does give exposure to some talented performers 	UNK
's never dull and 	UNK
only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them 	UNK
gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time . 	UNK
michael moore 's latest documentary about america 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ... 	UNK
unfunny tricks 	UNK
stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline 	UNK
cruel , misanthropic stuff 	UNK
bland police procedural details , fiennes 	UNK
succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors . 	UNK
's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch . 	UNK
that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring 	UNK
control-alt-delete simone 	UNK
's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message 	UNK
with one of france 's most inventive directors 	UNK
character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her 	UNK
the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form 	UNK
terrible 	UNK
the cultural distinctions 	UNK
tiresome jargon 	UNK
even more predictable , cliche-ridden 	UNK
unrelentingly grim -- 	UNK
heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart 	UNK
a fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists . 	UNK
rock 's stand-up magic 	UNK
fear and paranoia 	UNK
high-adrenaline documentary 	UNK
above anything sandler 	UNK
there 's not nearly enough that 's right 	UNK
is a riveting , brisk delight 	UNK
the movie is all portent and no content 	UNK
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images 	UNK
ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans 	UNK
incurably romantic 	UNK
vibrance 	UNK
take for granted in most films are mishandled here . 	UNK
remarkable yet 	UNK
i have given this movie a rating of zero . 	UNK
well-thought stunts 	UNK
but certainly hard to hate 	UNK
a wry , affectionate delight 	UNK
scores a direct hit . 	UNK
is n't downright silly 	UNK
every moment crackles with tension , and 	UNK
wildlife 	UNK
is careless and unfocused . 	UNK
a bit exploitative 	UNK
welled up in my eyes both times 	UNK
inspires more 	UNK
fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian 	UNK
the leads ) are such a companionable couple 	UNK
gutter romancer 's 	UNK
this is a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen . 	UNK
of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being 	UNK
shrewd 	UNK
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship 	UNK
heart-felt 	UNK
make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal 	UNK
peculiar and always entertaining costume drama 	UNK
shamelessly enjoyed it 	UNK
the most part a useless movie 	UNK
crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins 	UNK
thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment 	UNK
the best film of the year 2002 	UNK
ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh 	UNK
the material and the production itself are little more than routine . 	UNK
to be taken seriously 	UNK
this is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one 	UNK
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause . 	UNK
an ingenious and often harrowing 	UNK
shabby digital photography 	UNK
a pretty good execution 	UNK
rerun 	UNK
, wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale . 	UNK
of the most affecting depictions of a love affair 	UNK
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche 	UNK
a technical triumph and 	UNK
the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug 	UNK
unpleasant 	UNK
's an excellent 90-minute film here 	UNK
ambitious 	UNK
fun and nimble 	UNK
allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper 	UNK
purposefully 	UNK
the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching . 	UNK
cheesier to cheesiest 	UNK
muddled 	UNK
tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists 	UNK
an ambitious ` what if ? ' 	UNK
enjoying himself immensely 	UNK
will be two hours gained 	UNK
bore most audiences 	UNK
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick 	UNK
a crisp psychological drama ( and ) a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode 	UNK
feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams 	UNK
a few good laughs 	UNK
is more fully 	UNK
the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years . 	UNK
takes its central idea way too seriously 	UNK
annoying and 	UNK
you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment 	UNK
would require many sessions on the couch of dr. freud . 	UNK
sweet-tempered 	UNK
that underlies the best of comedies 	UNK
fairly harmless 	UNK
no big whoop 	UNK
arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation 	UNK
an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed 	UNK
solid performances and 	UNK
occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold 	UNK
to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction 	UNK
mature and frank fashion 	UNK
dopey old 	UNK
craven 	UNK
explicit 	UNK
subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film 	UNK
most horrific 	UNK
most immediate and most obvious 	UNK
gaunt 	UNK
be a bit of a cheat in the end 	UNK
aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats 	UNK
something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life 	UNK
with enough unexpected twists 	UNK
that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time 	UNK
a movie that understands characters must come first 	UNK
being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe 	UNK
weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past 	UNK
how good 	UNK
philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing 	UNK
also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were . 	UNK
as it should be 	UNK
of fighting hard for something that really matters 	UNK
amiable 	UNK
unfulfilling 	UNK
is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america 	UNK
plays closer to two . 	UNK
direct-to-video stuff 	UNK
, e.t. is still a cinematic touchstone . 	UNK
funny , 	UNK
a can of 2-day old coke 	UNK
charge money for this ? 	UNK
feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group ... and never fails to entertain 	UNK
over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense 	UNK
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne 	UNK
through this picture i was beginning to hate it 	UNK
so many red herrings , 	UNK
be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work 	UNK
technical flaws to get in the way 	UNK
the triviality 	UNK
articulates 	UNK
kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust . 	UNK
the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art 	UNK
substantive movie 	UNK
is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . 	UNK
is so pat it makes your teeth hurt 	UNK
sensual 	UNK
that pollyana would reach for a barf bag . 	UNK
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose 	UNK
wildly inventive mixture 	UNK
delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy 	UNK
an uplifting , near-masterpiece . 	UNK
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype . 	UNK
's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions 	UNK
uncompromising knowledge 	UNK
for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment 	UNK
completely delightful 	UNK
the teeny-bopper set 	UNK
wish had been developed with more care 	UNK
of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself 	UNK
of animal house 	UNK
payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human . 	UNK
of american pie hijinks 	UNK
a terrific screenplay and 	UNK
the film 's creepy 	UNK
an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that 	UNK
's better than the phantom menace 	UNK
... instead go rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance . 	UNK
an angel simplicity 	UNK
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy . 	UNK
look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar 	UNK
takes hold and grips 	UNK
sad but endearing characters 	UNK
outrageous or funny 	UNK
it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation 	UNK
, it irrigates our souls . 	UNK
the ridiculousness of its premise 	UNK
a smart , funny look 	UNK
flakeball 	UNK
, introspective and entertaining 	UNK
the best of godard 's movies 	UNK
no amount of good acting 	UNK
nobody here bothered to check it twice . 	UNK
`` cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only ! '' 	UNK
more strongly 	UNK
the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work 	UNK
though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . 	UNK
horrible pains 	UNK
been there , done that , 	UNK
laughable 	UNK
seems a bit on the skinny side 	UNK
the story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . 	UNK
neatly 	UNK
same love story 	UNK
i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights . 	UNK
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing . 	UNK
quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and 	UNK
i have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered . 	UNK
works - 	UNK
's coherent , well shot , 	UNK
guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) . 	UNK
's already a joke in the united states . 	UNK
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic 	UNK
-- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- 	UNK
like the original 	UNK
of the ya-ya sisterhood 	UNK
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour 	UNK
unimaginative 	UNK
a dramatic comedy as pleasantly 	UNK
to a superior crime movie 	UNK
in an increasingly important film industry and 	UNK
's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous 	UNK
the likes 	UNK
without resorting to camp or parody 	UNK
terrific special effects and 	UNK
improved upon the first and 	UNK
has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity 	UNK
an overly-familiar set 	UNK
this wafer-thin movie 	UNK
this film speaks for itself 	UNK
about a domestic unit finding their way to joy 	UNK
sublime music 	UNK
should never have been brought out of hibernation 	UNK
it never rises to its clever what-if concept . 	UNK
it 's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's . 	UNK
a genuine love story , 	UNK
will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other 	UNK
avarice and damaged dreams 	UNK
devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants 	UNK
the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein 	UNK
dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem 	UNK
an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story 	UNK
it 's still damn funny stuff 	UNK
distanced us 	UNK
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices . 	UNK
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye 	UNK
er , bubbly 	UNK
of candid camera 	UNK
` opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down . 	UNK
mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic 	UNK
was a guilty pleasure 	UNK
this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	UNK
throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us 	UNK
you come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated . 	UNK
, but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining . 	UNK
stand as intellectual masterpieces 	UNK
a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing 	UNK
relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... 	UNK
its screwed-up characters 	UNK
-- thoughtfully written 	UNK
though the story ... is hackneyed 	UNK
seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material 	UNK
( headbanger ) 	UNK
fun and 	UNK
lively songs for deft punctuation 	UNK
are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence 	UNK
well-put-together piece 	UNK
boring talking heads , 	UNK
, `` rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. 	UNK
this is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair . 	UNK
provides an invaluable service 	UNK
hackneyed elements 	UNK
help sustain it 	UNK
plays like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown . 	UNK
on-screen chemistry 	UNK
by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap 	UNK
created a brilliant motion picture 	UNK
, miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path . 	UNK
with serious ideas 	UNK
i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care 	UNK
means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one . 	UNK
seems embarrassed by his own invention 	UNK
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell . 	UNK
this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times . 	UNK
inspiring or insightful 	UNK
did n't hollywood think of this sooner 	UNK
a lot more bluster than bite 	UNK
attempts , in vain 	UNK
guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen 	UNK
give you a few laughs 	UNK
uninteresting , unlikeable people 	UNK
with real thematic heft 	UNK
proves it 's never too late to learn . 	UNK
did n't have an original bone in his body 	UNK
a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham 	UNK
welcome relief 	UNK
contrived , unmotivated , and 	UNK
if encouraging return 	UNK
tv episodes 	UNK
with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi 's 	UNK
uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery 	UNK
laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . 	UNK
misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece 	UNK
a momentum that never lets up 	UNK
with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks 	UNK
inescapably gorgeous , 	UNK
lagging 	UNK
it is most of the things costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it 	UNK
an original talent 	UNK
much first-rate 	UNK
a sour taste in your mouth 	UNK
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , 	UNK
a sham 	UNK
needed 	UNK
mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life 	UNK
this bitter italian comedy 	UNK
to be passionate and truthful 	UNK
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed 	UNK
it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie 	UNK
how thoroughly unrewarding all of this 	UNK
cinema 's directorial giants 	UNK
, i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort . 	UNK
baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity . 	UNK
who cares ? ) . 	UNK
is that it 's not as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered 	UNK
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog 	UNK
photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen 	UNK
with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy 	UNK
is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . 	UNK
the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . 	UNK
take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time 	UNK
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) 	UNK
a james bond series 	UNK
's well worth 	UNK
ham-fisted 	UNK
can be accused of being a bit undisciplined 	UNK
on his sentimental journey of the heart 	UNK
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences 	UNK
a big letdown 	UNK
snooze . 	UNK
often heartbreaking 	UNK
can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro 	UNK
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game 	UNK
stylish but steady 	UNK
large-scale action and suspense 	UNK
creative , energetic and original 	UNK
a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile 	UNK
`` terrible 	UNK
champion the fallibility of the human heart 	UNK
goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy 	UNK
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key 	UNK
a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art 	UNK
turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum 	UNK
falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey 	UNK
statham employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british . 	UNK
the routine day to day 	UNK
all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own 	UNK
the sweet , melancholy spell 	UNK
is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn . 	UNK
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast . 	UNK
although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell . 	UNK
so much first-rate 	UNK
, kinetically-charged spy flick worthy 	UNK
fascinating -- and timely -- 	UNK
of a stylish psychological thriller 	UNK
a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable 	UNK
pointless , tasteless and idiotic 	UNK
chilling and heart-warming 	UNK
a smart movie 	UNK
poignant and wryly amusing 	UNK
oozes craft 	UNK
good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach 	UNK
a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and 	UNK
must go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him . 	UNK
very , very good 	UNK
delivers on that promise 	UNK
, violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart 	UNK
keenly observed and 	UNK
seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . '' 	UNK
a rather tired exercise in nostalgia . 	UNK
is still a cinematic touchstone 	UNK
what a reckless 	UNK
super heroes 	UNK
an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time . 	UNK
self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue 	UNK
, unconvincing 	UNK
its usual worst 	UNK
the story the movie tells is of brian de palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career . 	UNK
be a great piece of filmmaking 	UNK
remains 	UNK
a flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile 	UNK
unfortunately , one hour photo lives down to its title . 	UNK
( denis ' ) bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product . 	UNK
pure composition and form 	UNK
career-best 	UNK
realized that i just did n't care 	UNK
submerged here , 	UNK
clumsy dialogue 	UNK
this turgid fable 	UNK
does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb 	UNK
hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy 	UNK
a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence 	UNK
... for all its social and political potential , state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful . 	UNK
if festival in cannes nails hard - boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy 	UNK
's really unclear why this project was undertaken 	UNK
remarkably alluring 	UNK
that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated 	UNK
empty 	UNK
way original 	UNK
scorsese 's bold images 	UNK
been the ultimate imax trip 	UNK
lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve . 	UNK
it 's pleasant enough and 	UNK
to sag in certain places 	UNK
do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and 	UNK
marks a modest if encouraging return to form 	UNK
been more charming than in about a boy 	UNK
the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly 	UNK
in the mood for an intelligent weepy 	UNK
a flick boasting this many genuine cackles 	UNK
of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue 	UNK
i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent . 	UNK
drag two-thirds through , 	UNK
so preachy-keen and 	UNK
( including a knockout of a closing line ) 	UNK
refreshing . 	UNK
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , 	UNK
i 've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese 	UNK
of the smartest 	UNK
mr. polanski is in his element here 	UNK
her pure fantasy character 	UNK
a faulty premise 	UNK
never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class . 	UNK
mythic status 	UNK
delightful little film 	UNK
that 's fun for kids of any age . 	UNK
a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know 	UNK
's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy . 	UNK
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and 	UNK
characters ramble 	UNK
encumbers itself 	UNK
by surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way . 	UNK
liked it just enough 	UNK
is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children 	UNK
extra little something 	UNK
i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master 	UNK
lousy script 	UNK
is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders 	UNK
an elegant work , 	UNK
cartoonish clichés and sneering humor 	UNK
what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent 	UNK
a slick , engrossing melodrama 	UNK
that actually has something interesting to say 	UNK
the dead horse 	UNK
very tasteful 	UNK
loved the look of this film 	UNK
the tuxedo was n't just bad ; 	UNK
of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema 	UNK
the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , 	UNK
mesmerizing music 	UNK
may be more genial than ingenious , but 	UNK
while it is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side , longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context . 	UNK
fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for . 	UNK
a nicely understated expression 	UNK
subject as monstrous 	UNK
the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers . 	UNK
now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers 	UNK
cleverly 	UNK
already thin story 	UNK
of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone 	UNK
into the extraordinarily rich landscape 	UNK
great way 	UNK
resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs 	UNK
college keg party 	UNK
sly , intricate magic 	UNK
decomposition 	UNK
comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature 	UNK
based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting 	UNK
filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen 	UNK
's 86 minutes too long 	UNK
gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script . 	UNK
innocence and idealism 	UNK
pitch-perfect holden 	UNK
a very real and amusing give-and-take 	UNK
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray 	UNK
nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one . 	UNK
an entertaining mix 	UNK
, she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions . 	UNK
wishing that you and they were in another movie 	UNK
the utter cuteness 	UNK
to give it a marginal thumbs up 	UNK
acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation 	UNK
roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list ' - it is more than merely a holocaust movie . 	UNK
make it sting 	UNK
conceivable mistake 	UNK
from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable 	UNK
entirely successful 	UNK
a surprising winner 	UNK
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy . 	UNK
's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions . 	UNK
many subplots 	UNK
is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start 	UNK
's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message 	UNK
is a treat 	UNK
be as naturally charming as it needs to be 	UNK
a vivid 	UNK
become annoying and artificial 	UNK
the film 's crisp , unaffected style and 	UNK
the unfulfilling , incongruous , 	UNK
gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection 	UNK
undone by a sloppy script 	UNK
is genuinely witty 	UNK
as tricky and satisfying as any of david 	UNK
any recent film , independent or otherwise , 	UNK
maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it 	UNK
maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone 	UNK
that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard 	UNK
that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field 	UNK
throughout all the tumult 	UNK
perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy 	UNK
to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool 	UNK
sentimental but entirely irresistible 	UNK
too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises 	UNK
the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing 	UNK
have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags 	UNK
to be had from films crammed with movie references 	UNK
bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life 	UNK
dullingly repetitive 	UNK
formuliac 	UNK
a complete waste 	UNK
does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants 	UNK
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , 	UNK
of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart 	UNK
french cinema 's master craftsmen 	UNK
unified 	UNK
denying 	UNK
adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining 	UNK
pushiness 	UNK
is confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be . 	UNK
overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes 	UNK
attraction and interdependence 	UNK
's easier to change the sheets 	UNK
the right place 	UNK
such a buoyant , expressive flow of images 	UNK
the war movie compendium 	UNK
the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder . 	UNK
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so 	UNK
ill-considered 	UNK
passe 	UNK
as a tragic figure 	UNK
witty 	UNK
in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place 	UNK
paranoid 	UNK
his promise 	UNK
floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity 	UNK
` nature ' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves . 	UNK
uncompelling 	UNK
putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master 	UNK
between dumb fun and just plain dumb 	UNK
filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism 	UNK
falling short 	UNK
a bad idea 	UNK
with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame 	UNK
lazy 	UNK
educational ! 	UNK
sent back 	UNK
this real-life hollywood fairy-tale 	UNK
than bland 	UNK
's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative 	UNK
season 	UNK
annoying , is n't it 	UNK
wayward teen 	UNK
where human nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating 	UNK
a nightmare 	UNK
to crush depth 	UNK
elaborate special effects 	UNK
and it is n't that funny 	UNK
painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory 	UNK
while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully entertaining to watch . 	UNK
expecting 	UNK
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled 	UNK
is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake 	UNK
have otherwise been bland and 	UNK
've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer 	UNK
this marvelous film 	UNK
's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits 	UNK
ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions 	UNK
director carl franklin , so crisp and economical in one false move , bogs down in genre cliches here . 	UNK
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest . 	UNK
due to its rapid-fire delivery and 	UNK
this pathetic junk is barely an hour long . 	UNK
with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity 	UNK
delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage 	UNK
reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world . 	UNK
an important film 	UNK
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but 	UNK
could hate it for the same reason 	UNK
great visual stylists 	UNK
is a masterfully conducted work . 	UNK
was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second 	UNK
unblinkingly pure 	UNK
another disjointed 	UNK
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but 	UNK
go down with a ship as leaky as this 	UNK
in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness 	UNK
dedication 	UNK
that perverse element 	UNK
is on full , irritating display in ( this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot . 	UNK
frustrations 	UNK
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding . 	UNK
down over 140 minutes 	UNK
a tasty performance from vincent gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary 	UNK
rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies 	UNK
insult 	UNK
is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way 	UNK
you 've ever seen 	UNK
is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music . 	UNK
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances 	UNK
red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation . 	UNK
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and 	UNK
a movie-of-the-week tearjerker 	UNK
as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen . 	UNK
thoroughly enjoyed themselves and 	UNK
is grotesque and boring 	UNK
drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism 	UNK
the troubling thing 	UNK
a cinematic disaster 	UNK
even lower-wit 	UNK
packed with just as much intelligence 	UNK
awkward hybrid 	UNK
admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold 	UNK
of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe 	UNK
highly-praised disappointments i 	UNK
the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard . 	UNK
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel 	UNK
can be numbing 	UNK
in love with myth 	UNK
brings together 	UNK
messy and frustrating , 	UNK
the lovers 	UNK
errors 	UNK
silly humbuggery ... 	UNK
of cheesy dialogue 	UNK
one moment in the film that surprises or delights 	UNK
was written for no one 	UNK
this makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever . 	UNK
cesspool 	UNK
in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 	UNK
see it as soon as possible 	UNK
it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had 	UNK
this is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom 	UNK
capturing 	UNK
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative 	UNK
likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine 	UNK
adventure and a worthwhile environmental message 	UNK
be engaging 	UNK
remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern 	UNK
the film with their charisma 	UNK
yes , that 's right 	UNK
warm and exotic 	UNK
treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film . 	UNK
( breheny 's ) lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people . 	UNK
could be any flatter 	UNK
just two of the elements that will grab you 	UNK
laborious pacing 	UNK
are odd and pixilated and sometimes both . 	UNK
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , 	UNK
been trying to forget 	UNK
the first film so special 	UNK
certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark 	UNK
dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate 	UNK
a little fleeing of its own 	UNK
and unabashed sweetness 	UNK
audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 	UNK
the hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty . 	UNK
dubious product 	UNK
upfront that the plot makes no sense 	UNK
for serious film buffs 	UNK
lightweight , uneven action comedy 	UNK
confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema 	UNK
very enjoyable ... 	UNK
anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here 	UNK
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat . 	UNK
, my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it . 	UNK
guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family 	UNK
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , 	UNK
is not edward burns ' best film 	UNK
few new converts 	UNK
cringing 	UNK
wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential 	UNK
deferred and desire 	UNK
released in imax format 	UNK
is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy 	UNK
more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out 	UNK
, romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief 	UNK
truth-telling 	UNK
delightful romantic comedy 	UNK
its total promise 	UNK
damage 	UNK
feels counterproductive 	UNK
things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content . 	UNK
this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin 	UNK
a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing 	UNK
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written 	UNK
could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 . 	UNK
it 's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf . 	UNK
big laughs 	UNK
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but 	UNK
its surprises limp 	UNK
back-stabbing 	UNK
have a tendency to slip into hokum 	UNK
euphoria 	UNK
fade from memory 	UNK
, it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) . 	UNK
pretty decent kid-pleasing 	UNK
due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity 	UNK
offers no new insight on the matter , nor 	UNK
to lead a group of talented friends astray 	UNK
their romances 	UNK
a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours 	UNK
oh , and more entertaining , too . 	UNK
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations 	UNK
's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame 	UNK
conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- 	UNK
seem downright hitchcockian 	UNK
surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy 	UNK
exhaustingly contrived 	UNK
then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia . 	UNK
one of those so-so films that could have been much better . 	UNK
stylish film 	UNK
did n't mean much to me 	UNK
those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time 	UNK
ensemble cast 	UNK
predicament 	UNK
has a solid emotional impact 	UNK
silly beyond comprehension 	UNK
knocks it flat 	UNK
probably will enjoy themselves . 	UNK
an infuriating film . 	UNK
with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present 	UNK
ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong 	UNK
steal your heart 	UNK
to my great pleasure , 	UNK
insane comic 	UNK
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , 	UNK
not-so-small problem 	UNK
is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . 	UNK
you had already seen that movie 	UNK
more strongly to storytelling 	UNK
that works against itself 	UNK
as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking 	UNK
to laugh , groan and hiss 	UNK
this franchise has not spawned a single good film . 	UNK
deep-seated , emotional 	UNK
, original talent 	UNK
is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it 	UNK
thousand cliches 	UNK
infuses the movie with much of its slender , 	UNK
-- being real -- 	UNK
earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot 	UNK
to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism 	UNK
a fine production 	UNK
film that suffers because of its many excesses 	UNK
at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had , godfrey reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon . 	UNK
is serene , the humor wry and sprightly . 	UNK
pinheads 	UNK
chilling and fascinating 	UNK
will thrill you , touch you and make you 	UNK
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating . 	UNK
( a ) mess . 	UNK
at times , it actually hurts to watch . 	UNK
is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach . 	UNK
important director 	UNK
between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial 	UNK
displays impeccable comic skill 	UNK
barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile 	UNK
sharp comic timing 	UNK
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty 	UNK
is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort . 	UNK
new 	UNK
, there is n't much to it . 	UNK
two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress 	UNK
excellent 90-minute film 	UNK
an interesting look 	UNK
out-to-change-the-world 	UNK
drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice 	UNK
too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots 	UNK
quiet , introspective and entertaining independent 	UNK
whole hours 	UNK
another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie 	UNK
darkly funny and 	UNK
together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire 	UNK
aan opportunity wasted . 	UNK
sweeping 	UNK
pulp melodrama 	UNK
that is the central flaw of the film 	UNK
finally has failed him . 	UNK
much worth 	UNK
keep them guessing 	UNK
a promise nor 	UNK
an out of place metaphor 	UNK
should see it as soon as possible . 	UNK
created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores 	UNK
his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival 	UNK
is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving . 	UNK
's the worst movie of 2002 	UNK
forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be 	UNK
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny 	UNK
i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay . 	UNK
, below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle . 	UNK
to put up with 146 minutes of it 	UNK
believability 	UNK
important movie 	UNK
to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent 	UNK
the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity 	UNK
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor 	UNK
zigzag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted . 	UNK
a student film 	UNK
holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized 	UNK
is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults 	UNK
fairly ludicrous 	UNK
uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ... 	UNK
does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us . 	UNK
weighs down the tale with bogus profundities 	UNK
the ethereal beauty 	UNK
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches 	UNK
directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men . 	UNK
pulpy concept 	UNK
is a riot 	UNK
of awe 	UNK
aimless for much of its running time 	UNK
's most offensive 	UNK
grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue . 	UNK
holes and completely lacking in chills 	UNK
absurdities 	UNK
the talent is undeniable 	UNK
, you barely realize your mind is being blown . 	UNK
does n't really know or care about the characters , 	UNK
the heart-pounding suspense 	UNK
an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ... 	UNK
an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , 	UNK
is that it 's also one of the smartest 	UNK
felt fantasy of a director 's travel 	UNK
an edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era . 	UNK
's where the film ultimately fails 	UNK
is the ultimate movie experience 	UNK
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism . 	UNK
is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers . 	UNK
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence 	UNK
saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay 	UNK
silly fluff 	UNK
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker 	UNK
a few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks . 	UNK
viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality 	UNK
on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ... 	UNK
seems embarrassed 	UNK
fairly weak 	UNK
has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap 	UNK
seven rip-off 	UNK
on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy 	UNK
the holes in this film 	UNK
, french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition 	UNK
a surprisingly faithful remake 	UNK
refreshing 	UNK
that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth 	UNK
should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad 	UNK
's got the brawn , but not the brains 	UNK
realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen 	UNK
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about 	UNK
a solid cast , 	UNK
its material that is deliberately unsettling 	UNK
if the full monty was a freshman fluke , lucky break is ( cattaneo ) sophomore slump . 	UNK
's a scorcher 	UNK
movie fun 	UNK
how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others 	UNK
the overuse of special effects 	UNK
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama . 	UNK
shakespeare 	UNK
as ` wayne 	UNK
are really going to love the piano teacher . 	UNK
serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff 	UNK
it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare 	UNK
fascination , 	UNK
, murky and weakly acted 	UNK
a wonderful , ghastly film 	UNK
passionately 	UNK
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman . 	UNK
the best ensemble casts 	UNK
superior horror flick 	UNK
perhaps the best sports movie i 've ever seen . 	UNK
a high enough level of invention 	UNK
a painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than clyde barrow 's car . 	UNK
wreck 	UNK
unsettling subject matter 	UNK
have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet 	UNK
a pandora 's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest 	UNK
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time . 	UNK
a single iota worse 	UNK
a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy 	UNK
a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride . 	UNK
one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue 	UNK
arduous journey 	UNK
is intelligently 	UNK
and there 's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together . 	UNK
but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti 	UNK
a teeth-clenching gusto 	UNK
with a bright future ahead of him 	UNK
's most refreshing about real women have curves 	UNK
the worst excesses 	UNK
is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out 	UNK
providing some good old fashioned spooks 	UNK
rather unfocused 	UNK
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' 	UNK
strains 	UNK
it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline 	UNK
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity 	UNK
you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards 	UNK
, the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love . 	UNK
in good measure 	UNK
angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately . 	UNK
captive by mediocrity . 	UNK
be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael 	UNK
as glum as mr. de niro 	UNK
crane 's decline 	UNK
has since 	UNK
full of charm 	UNK
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and 	UNK
knows how to tell us about people . 	UNK
the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , 	UNK
raimi and his team could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen . 	UNK
another genre exercise 	UNK
that george lucas can only dream of 	UNK
aftertaste 	UNK
a reworking of die hard and cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either . 	UNK
to be delightfully compatible here 	UNK
sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be . 	UNK
i 'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls 	UNK
how lame 	UNK
, the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time . 	UNK
to know your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california 	UNK
a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at 	UNK
a picture-perfect beach 	UNK
accuracy 	UNK
a fan of the genre 	UNK
others in the genre 	UNK
a delightful entree 	UNK
brainless , but 	UNK
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary . 	UNK
sometimes improbable 	UNK
its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda 	UNK
been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn 	UNK
handsome and well-made entertainment 	UNK
well-executed spy-thriller . 	UNK
it does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received . 	UNK
a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb . 	UNK
does n't generate a lot of energy . 	UNK
, frenetic , funny , even punny 6 	UNK
see it for his performance if nothing else 	UNK
an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement 	UNK
the only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies . 	UNK
a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out 	UNK
charming , funny and beautifully 	UNK
a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet 	UNK
action-packed 	UNK
new benchmark 	UNK
evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s 	UNK
, to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner 	UNK
enormous packages 	UNK
a work of art 	UNK
been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted 	UNK
despite juliet stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life 	UNK
an inconsequential 	UNK
beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics . 	UNK
's also not very good . 	UNK
fine , nuanced lead performances 	UNK
despite the surface attractions 	UNK
a compelling motion 	UNK
worse , routine 	UNK
... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made . 	UNK
the gay '70s 	UNK
, in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is 	UNK
watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers . 	UNK
sacrificed for the sake of spectacle 	UNK
to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd 	UNK
its surprises 	UNK
looked like crap 	UNK
of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel 	UNK
you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest 	UNK
with a series of riveting set pieces 	UNK
tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy 	UNK
cliches , painful improbability and 	UNK
could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , 	UNK
guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts 	UNK
be lovely 	UNK
good time 	UNK
, by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails 	UNK
perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic 	UNK
is dudsville . 	UNK
is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema . 	UNK
so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks 	UNK
laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances 	UNK
illuminates 	UNK
the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug 	UNK
both contrived and cliched 	UNK
can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities 	UNK
, pity anyone who sees this mishmash . 	UNK
constricted 	UNK
too-conscientious adaptation 	UNK
is just the ticket you need . 	UNK
the empty theaters 	UNK
irony 	UNK
will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious 	UNK
it wants to be 	UNK
under-10 set 	UNK
a loud , ugly , irritating movie 	UNK
informative 	UNK
to long for the end credits 	UNK
clumsy 	UNK
looking for a return ticket 	UNK
's worth seeing 	UNK
stylized swedish fillm 	UNK
the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby 	UNK
inspiring and pure 	UNK
is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects 	UNK
it 's makes a better travelogue than movie . 	UNK
functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing . 	UNK
amateurish screenplay 	UNK
of the intelligent , well-made b movie 	UNK
wo n't stand the cold light of day 	UNK
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , 	UNK
dazzle and delight us 	UNK
most complex , generous and subversive artworks 	UNK
its crack cast 	UNK
works better the less the brain is engaged 	UNK
wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll 	UNK
ultimately flawed 	UNK
a moving experience for people who have n't read the book 	UNK
appropriately cynical social commentary 	UNK
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice . 	UNK
alfred hitchcock 's 	UNK
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , 	UNK
sucks . ' 	UNK
may be a bit disjointed 	UNK
but i had a lot of problems with this movie . 	UNK
recipe , inspiring 	UNK
it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel 	UNK
win 	UNK
in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve 	UNK
one of the worst films of 2002 . 	UNK
eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes 	UNK
's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth . 	UNK
is terrific , 	UNK
a rumor of angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness 	UNK
white 's dry wit 	UNK
a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- 	UNK
is , more often then 	UNK
a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting 	UNK
, a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy . 	UNK
on this screenplay 	UNK
ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance . 	UNK
a lot richer than the ones 	UNK
their idol 's energy and passion for detail 	UNK
an energizing , 	UNK
competently 	UNK
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team 	UNK
damned in queen of the damned 	UNK
has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood 	UNK
it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' 	UNK
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood 	UNK
yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective 	UNK
the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- 	UNK
exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken 	UNK
the trees hooting it 's praises 	UNK
from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients 	UNK
unholy mess 	UNK
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame . 	UNK
of hell 	UNK
miraculous movie 	UNK
, sweet and romantic 	UNK
rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours 	UNK
sincere 	UNK
die for 	UNK
patchy combination 	UNK
emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen 	UNK
is just lazy writing . 	UNK
business plans 	UNK
he refuses to give us real situations and characters 	UNK
of telling a fascinating character 's story 	UNK
is simple but absorbing . 	UNK
stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter 	UNK
never knew what the hell was coming next 	UNK
seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film . 	UNK
appreciation of the daily 	UNK
ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ... 	UNK
most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . '' 	UNK
can act 	UNK
the tinny self-righteousness 	UNK
damn weird 	UNK
, this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . 	UNK
the light-footed enchantment 	UNK
if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . 	UNK
left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence 	UNK
best film 	UNK
that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer 	UNK
conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 	UNK
a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar 	UNK
it pushes its agenda too forcefully 	UNK
awe-inspiring 	UNK
said the film was better than saving private ryan 	UNK
the talk alone is enough to keep us 	UNK
a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own . 	UNK
are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work 	UNK
of high humidity 	UNK
it 's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor . 	UNK
is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true 	UNK
with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump 	UNK
me no lika da accents so good , but 	UNK
an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- 	UNK
it 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism . 	UNK
really rattling the viewer 	UNK
painfully formulaic and stilted 	UNK
of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes 	UNK
causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen . 	UNK
refreshing visit 	UNK
comfortable 	UNK
macabre 	UNK
better-focused 	UNK
it is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year . 	UNK
the product of loving , well integrated homage 	UNK
favorably compared to das boot 	UNK
thoroughly awful . 	UNK
almost senseless 	UNK
warm nor fuzzy 	UNK
brutal 90-minute battle sequence 	UNK
real women have curves truly is life affirming 	UNK
barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 	UNK
sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler . 	UNK
sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations 	UNK
an intriguing story of maternal instincts 	UNK
to sell us on this twisted love story 	UNK
more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch 	UNK
reviewers 	UNK
's nothing interesting in unfaithful 	UNK
a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development 	UNK
there 's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film . 	UNK
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room 	UNK
the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience . 	UNK
most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure 	UNK
you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit . 	UNK
beautifully realized 	UNK
of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up 	UNK
a very resonant chord 	UNK
sheer audacity and openness 	UNK
character-who-shall - remain-nameless 	UNK
cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine 	UNK
painful elegy 	UNK
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie . 	UNK
than you could have guessed at the beginning 	UNK
, emotionally devastating piece 	UNK
sketches ... 	UNK
norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination 	UNK
rendered tedious 	UNK
that it 's hardly watchable 	UNK
not-nearly 	UNK
while the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work . 	UNK
worth the effort 	UNK
the highly predictable narrative falls short 	UNK
those who do 	UNK
savvy 	UNK
makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , 	UNK
norton is magnetic as graham . 	UNK
joyous celebration 	UNK
the form of dazzling pop entertainment 	UNK
definite room for improvement 	UNK
the thrown-together feel 	UNK
feeling embarrassed 	UNK
an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story 	UNK
made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll 	UNK
are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid . 	UNK
otherworldly 	UNK
has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie 	UNK
there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script 	UNK
a good way 	UNK
loved this film 	UNK
, flawed humanity 	UNK
of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories 	UNK
the whole mess 	UNK
refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy . 	UNK
wo n't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ... 	UNK
feels less 	UNK
dumb , 	UNK
all-woman 	UNK
beautifully shot , 	UNK
it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow . 	UNK
one of the smarter offerings the horror genre 	UNK
imitative 	UNK
the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' 	UNK
authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless 	UNK
of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry 	UNK
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights 	UNK
story and his juvenile camera movements 	UNK
a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style 	UNK
engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces 	UNK
of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them 	UNK
some major alterations 	UNK
predictably efficient 	UNK
leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb . 	UNK
is sufficiently funny 	UNK
greatest natural sportsmen 	UNK
festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . 	UNK
a rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade . 	UNK
is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be . 	UNK
sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue 	UNK
the mayhem in formula 51 	UNK
's just rather leaden and dull 	UNK
a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them . 	UNK
one part romance novel , 	UNK
dirty old man 	UNK
will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective . 	UNK
engaging story 	UNK
once overly old-fashioned 	UNK
obviously has its merits 	UNK
scam 	UNK
offers an intriguing what-if premise 	UNK
triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power . 	UNK
like it 	UNK
suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject 	UNK
it 's all surface psychodramatics . 	UNK
a certain degree of wit and dignity 	UNK
done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation 	UNK
you thought would leave you cold 	UNK
will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? 	UNK
are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations 	UNK
though a capable thriller 	UNK
they are what makes it worth the trip to the theater . 	UNK
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but 	UNK
choppy recycling 	UNK
of above the rest 	UNK
will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 	UNK
of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films 	UNK
, shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown . 	UNK
despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless . 	UNK
atrociously 	UNK
this charmer 	UNK
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo 	UNK
to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris 	UNK
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film . 	UNK
of exploitative garbage 	UNK
so different from the apple and so striking 	UNK
sitting around 	UNK
familiar but enjoyable 	UNK
static set ups , not much camera movement , 	UNK
has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry . 	UNK
there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie 	UNK
sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower . 	UNK
generally insulting 	UNK
... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit 	UNK
shunji iwai 's all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan . 	UNK
is a really special walk in the woods 	UNK
suck 	UNK
infuses the movie with much of its slender 	UNK
have made vittorio de sica proud 	UNK
what a pity 	UNK
there 's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau . 	UNK
de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors 	UNK
little substance 	UNK
a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy . 	UNK
succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling 	UNK
and `` terrible 	UNK
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing 	UNK
who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	UNK
is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type 	UNK
brimming with coltish , neurotic energy 	UNK
utterly static 	UNK
torments and 	UNK
drops the ball 	UNK
has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years . 	UNK
term an `` ambitious failure 	UNK
the road to perdition 	UNK
promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip . 	UNK
an impressive roster 	UNK
, beautiful scene 	UNK
with enjoyable ease 	UNK
' romantic 	UNK
a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart . 	UNK
, the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic . 	UNK
with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups 	UNK
goes on for the 110 minutes of `` panic room '' 	UNK
low-tech 	UNK
he does n't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash . 	UNK
this one gets off with a good natured warning 	UNK
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both 	UNK
real and 	UNK
've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles 	UNK
'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen 	UNK
does hold up pretty well 	UNK
what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but 	UNK
is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride . 	UNK
even more ludicrous 	UNK
a movie that deserves recommendation 	UNK
unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery . 	UNK
tv skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen . 	UNK
forgotten the movie 	UNK
's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd . 	UNK
went astray 	UNK
labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' 	UNK
some powerful people 	UNK
) soulless 	UNK
's an unhappy situation 	UNK
too straight-faced 	UNK
kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure 	UNK
, we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament 	UNK
be genuinely satisfying 	UNK
encompassing 	UNK
an erotic thriller 	UNK
humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be 	UNK
of both thematic content and narrative strength 	UNK
loathsome 	UNK
give us real situations and characters 	UNK
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- 	UNK
emerges as another key contribution 	UNK
yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner 	UNK
a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' 	UNK
i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further 	UNK
have the highest production values you 've ever seen 	UNK
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant 	UNK
with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances 	UNK
pretty contagious fun 	UNK
quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety 	UNK
well-wrought 	UNK
( `` safe conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage . 	UNK
in the wrong hands 	UNK
but it 's just too too much 	UNK
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; 	UNK
more complete than indecent proposal 	UNK
those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere . 	UNK
swooping down on a string of exotic locales 	UNK
would n't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny . 	UNK
idiotic and ugly . 	UNK
the metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery 	UNK
of humankind 's liberating ability 	UNK
ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie . 	UNK
the dimming 	UNK
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington the actor . 	UNK
endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer 	UNK
seems to want to be a character study , 	UNK
you like peace 	UNK
leave you wanting more 	UNK
so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks 	UNK
unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling . 	UNK
runs out of steam 	UNK
funny humor 	UNK
plays like john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders . 	UNK
an earnest study 	UNK
it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more . 	UNK
with the unexplained baboon cameo 	UNK
serves up all of that stuff 	UNK
smothered 	UNK
excellent job 	UNK
turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . 	UNK
merely very bad 	UNK
reality drain 	UNK
must have baffled the folks in the marketing department 	UNK
's more enjoyable than i expected 	UNK
fire-breathing 	UNK
are just two of the elements that will grab you 	UNK
potentially trite and overused concept 	UNK
to the outstanding soundtrack 	UNK
the director mostly plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder . 	UNK
the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine 	UNK
know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good 	UNK
original and insightful 	UNK
portrayed with almost supernatural powers 	UNK
looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics . 	UNK
pollyana would reach for a barf bag 	UNK
influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh 	UNK
memory , resistance and artistic transcendence 	UNK
if the full monty was a freshman fluke 	UNK
there is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure . 	UNK
surprisingly uninvolving 	UNK
low , smoky and inviting sizzle 	UNK
adventure movie 	UNK
in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness 	UNK
hailed as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian . 	UNK
perry 's good and 	UNK
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... 	UNK
succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth 	UNK
a more colorful , more playful tone 	UNK
solid movie 	UNK
a sense of dramatic urgency 	UNK
immature and 	UNK
, the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky . 	UNK
engaging , wide-eyed actress 	UNK
offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people . 	UNK
to one of demme 's good films 	UNK
end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener 	UNK
some worthwhile themes 	UNK
made swimfan anyway 	UNK
it 's horribly depressing and not very well done . 	UNK
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports 	UNK
is generally light enough 	UNK
a predictable , manipulative stinker . 	UNK
perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man 	UNK
that returns the martial arts master to top form 	UNK
is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening 	UNK
almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off 	UNK
about the benjamins that 's hard to resist 	UNK
on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . 	UNK
sweet home abomination 	UNK
commands 	UNK
which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man 	UNK
the expressive power of the camera 	UNK
the movie 's sophomoric blend 	UNK
this is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal . 	UNK
a young robert deniro 	UNK
will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking 	UNK
ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action . 	UNK
gently humorous 	UNK
a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life 	UNK
waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading 	UNK
say nothing of boring 	UNK
might not give a second look if we passed them on the street 	UNK
change watching such a character 	UNK
memorable 	UNK
with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves 	UNK
way too full 	UNK
like this movie a lot 	UNK
a bumper 	UNK
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching . 	UNK
sultry 	UNK
all too literally 	UNK
less a movie than 	UNK
it 's the very definition of epic adventure . 	UNK
a ) soulless 	UNK
an adventure story and history lesson all in one 	UNK
a pale xerox of other , better crime movies . 	UNK
-- and at times , all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention . 	UNK
poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat 	UNK
made me want to pack raw dough in my ears 	UNK
in between all the emotional seesawing , it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived . 	UNK
is worth your time , 	UNK
symbiotic relationship 	UNK
, are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence . 	UNK
it really won my heart 	UNK
of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination 	UNK
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; 	UNK
an actress she is 	UNK
unpaid 	UNK
burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him 	UNK
anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy . 	UNK
, a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter . 	UNK
intermittently good time 	UNK
the movie is as padded as allen 's jelly belly . 	UNK
's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance 	UNK
more appealing 	UNK
bewilderingly brilliant and 	UNK
into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem 	UNK
better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals 	UNK
just about the best straight-up 	UNK
borscht 	UNK
the believability of the entire scenario 	UNK
key strength 	UNK
even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison 	UNK
brilliant 	UNK
full advantage 	UNK
did i miss something ? '' 	UNK
, simple and soapy 	UNK
, composed delivery 	UNK
the modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals . 	UNK
the very best movies 	UNK
keep you engaged 	UNK
is likely to find compelling 	UNK
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- 	UNK
pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men 	UNK
-- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- 	UNK
who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema 	UNK
aniston has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil . 	UNK
ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ? 	UNK
see it twice 	UNK
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe 	UNK
lived in a state of quiet desperation 	UNK
its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing 	UNK
( t ) he script is n't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent . 	UNK
down-and-dirty laugher 	UNK
another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees 	UNK
simply not funny performers 	UNK
to be engaging 	UNK
clever and cutting 	UNK
these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy 	UNK
good actors 	UNK
easy to love robin tunney 	UNK
're not merely watching history 	UNK
is still very much worth seeing 	UNK
of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention 	UNK
but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity 	UNK
complete mess 	UNK
-- but certainly hard to hate . 	UNK
is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . 	UNK
often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen 	UNK
( lin chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional , even 	UNK
the condition of art 	UNK
moment 	UNK
is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain 	UNK
some honest insight 	UNK
warm , 	UNK
can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ? 	UNK
gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script 	UNK
lamer instincts 	UNK
nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy 	UNK
left with a sour taste in your mouth 	UNK
character creations 	UNK
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous 	UNK
, whimsical feature 	UNK
the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch 	UNK
great films 	UNK
does n't really add up to much . 	UNK
a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness 	UNK
stay 	UNK
has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours 	UNK
is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight . 	UNK
dislocation 	UNK
honest performances and exceptional detail 	UNK
buoyant , expressive flow 	UNK
a sub-formulaic slap in the face 	UNK
wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ? 	UNK
affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes 	UNK
slovenly life 	UNK
made at least one damn fine horror movie 	UNK
innovation 	UNK
, narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it . 	UNK
how much he runs around and acts like a doofus 	UNK
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood 	UNK
all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream 	UNK
clumsy and rushed 	UNK
the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision 	UNK
haunting tale 	UNK
an extraordinary film 	UNK
to enter and accept another world 	UNK
most slyly exquisite 	UNK
a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice 	UNK
mysterious , sensual 	UNK
poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 	UNK
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time . 	UNK
his life drew to a close 	UNK
but uninvolving 	UNK
is in his element here 	UNK
delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 	UNK
high-octane 	UNK
i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) . 	UNK
rousing 	UNK
an imaginative teacher 	UNK
popped up with more mindless drivel 	UNK
it 's mildly amusing , but i certainly ca n't recommend it . 	UNK
be a total washout 	UNK
make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art 	UNK
deserves the hook 	UNK
you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned 	UNK
genuine acting 	UNK
made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything 	UNK
as i usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies 	UNK
painful nuance 	UNK
a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days 	UNK
touching film 	UNK
one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years 	UNK
insightful moments . 	UNK
have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and 	UNK
a charm 	UNK
's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat 	UNK
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , 	UNK
loser 	UNK
a sense-of-humour failure 	UNK
grows on you -- like a rash 	UNK
dim-witted pairing 	UNK
you 're not 	UNK
complaint 	UNK
of wit or charm 	UNK
does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects 	UNK
that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears 	UNK
bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing . 	UNK
it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little . 	UNK
of the best ensemble casts of the year 	UNK
such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue 	UNK
a minor miracle in unfaithful 	UNK
undeniably hard 	UNK
spits out denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role 	UNK
the criminal world 	UNK
of extremely talented musicians 	UNK
sandbox 	UNK
indifference 	UNK
meager weight 	UNK
are worthwhile . 	UNK
assured 	UNK
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but 	UNK
the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service 	UNK
the thing about guys like evans is this : you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins 	UNK
interesting matters 	UNK
most humane and important 	UNK
a documentary that works 	UNK
thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all . 	UNK
bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie 	UNK
yet lacking about everything 	UNK
cuaron repeatedly 	UNK
of the qualities that made the first film so special 	UNK
high-concept sci fi adventures 	UNK
so unsympathetic 	UNK
gasp , shudder 	UNK
a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters 	UNK
thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer 	UNK
screwed-up characters 	UNK
feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas . 	UNK
difficult to connect with on any deeper level 	UNK
with style 	UNK
between chaplin and kidman 	UNK
is a convincing one , and 	UNK
a film so graceless and devoid 	UNK
damaged 	UNK
uncle ralph 	UNK
failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs 	UNK
presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain 	UNK
grisly 	UNK
rather toothless 	UNK
want to see it 	UNK
welcomes 	UNK
is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure . 	UNK
picked me up , swung me around , 	UNK
an esteemed writer-actor 	UNK
a few zingers aside 	UNK
the thing just never gets off the ground . 	UNK
the fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme 's good films 	UNK
a witty , low-key romantic comedy . 	UNK
'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds . 	UNK
devolves into a laugh-free lecture . 	UNK
fiercely intelligent and 	UNK
makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude . 	UNK
but it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre . 	UNK
unnamed , easily substitutable 	UNK
kirkegaard 	UNK
with the exception of mccoist , the players do n't have a clue on the park . 	UNK
as well-characterized 	UNK
more fascinating 	UNK
it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes 	UNK
's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre 	UNK
mundane '70s disaster flick 	UNK
sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful 	UNK
an 88-minute highlight reel 	UNK
nothing funny 	UNK
embarrassingly 	UNK
marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain 	UNK
together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers 	UNK
got to me 	UNK
the action clichés just pile up . 	UNK
deserved co-winner 	UNK
m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema 	UNK
inept and 	UNK
is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter . 	UNK
is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable . 	UNK
fascinating psychological fare 	UNK
( a ) soulless , 	UNK
comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary 	UNK
the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time . 	UNK
enjoyable randomness 	UNK
's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn 	UNK
the rat-a-tat energy 	UNK
is plenty of fun for all . 	UNK
enough to keep men 	UNK
take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis . 	UNK
lame musketeer 	UNK
absurd 	UNK
catapulting 	UNK
by shooting itself in the foot 	UNK
one relentlessly depressing situation 	UNK
easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros 	UNK
rather cold-blooded comedy 	UNK
saccharine sentimentality 	UNK
while the humor is recognizably plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time . 	UNK
sinks into by-the-numbers territory . 	UNK
inconsequential 	UNK
has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and 	UNK
the action clichés 	UNK
a director to watch 	UNK
can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ? 	UNK
spider-man 	UNK
is reasonably entertaining , 	UNK
aesthetically and sexually 	UNK
rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy . 	UNK
're often undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject 	UNK
relentlessly depressing 	UNK
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year 	UNK
hard-to-swallow 	UNK
scratch a hole in your head 	UNK
disappointing in comparison 	UNK
cult 	UNK
is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible 	UNK
's stylishly directed with verve 	UNK
artificial and opaque 	UNK
does this so well 	UNK
to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love 	UNK
fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything 	UNK
the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin 	UNK
makes two hours feel like four . 	UNK
the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham 	UNK
it 's one long bore . 	UNK
is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real . 	UNK
touching , transcendent love story 	UNK
jealousy 	UNK
rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash . 	UNK
liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive . 	UNK
surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy . 	UNK
petty 	UNK
right to be 	UNK
to keep this from being a complete waste of time 	UNK
ultimate imax trip 	UNK
entertainment 	UNK
'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries 	UNK
is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades 	UNK
badly awry 	UNK
a romantic comedy 	UNK
has something significant to say 	UNK
making a vanity project with nothing new 	UNK
simplistic story 	UNK
a visually stunning rumination 	UNK
itch to explore more 	UNK
we can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art . 	UNK
be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy 	UNK
an interesting slice 	UNK
stilted 	UNK
has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years 	UNK
is insipid 	UNK
plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going 	UNK
fabricated 	UNK
, in an irresistible junior-high way , 	UNK
the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , 	UNK
not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie 	UNK
exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean 	UNK
great saturday night live sketch 	UNK
impressive job 	UNK
-- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying 	UNK
that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye 	UNK
passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese 	UNK
for something as splendid-looking as this particular film 	UNK
's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series . 	UNK
real vitality 	UNK
everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth 	UNK
of humor , verve and fun 	UNK
garde 	UNK
every cliche 	UNK
genuine spontaneity 	UNK
this method almost never fails him 	UNK
this pretentious mess 	UNK
this method almost never fails him , and 	UNK
expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , 	UNK
better characters , 	UNK
to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes 	UNK
as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , ( franco ) has all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability . 	UNK
are so overstated 	UNK
too goodly , wise and knowing 	UNK
guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets . 	UNK
in the pianist , polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way . 	UNK
its first-time feature director 	UNK
gives the lie to many clichés and 	UNK
a small movie with a big impact . 	UNK
very handsomely produced let-down 	UNK
a brilliant movie 	UNK
make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger 	UNK
of the human heart 	UNK
for its overwhelming creepiness 	UNK
being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good 	UNK
boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery . 	UNK
of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances 	UNK
delightfully compatible 	UNK
stylish weaponry 	UNK
it gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions . 	UNK
those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original 	UNK
fine performances 	UNK
the movie 's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish . 	UNK
coherent rhythm 	UNK
played and smartly directed 	UNK
drew to a close 	UNK
's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism 	UNK
wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot 	UNK
manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference 	UNK
used manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way 	UNK
blandly 	UNK
no particular bite 	UNK
less a story 	UNK
is good , except its timing . 	UNK
a shrill , didactic cartoon 	UNK
runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . ' 	UNK
too predictably , in fact . 	UNK
can enjoy 	UNK
' i feel better already . 	UNK
since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously 	UNK
one key problem with these ardently christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out . 	UNK
incoherence reigns . 	UNK
make it an above-average thriller 	UNK
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots . 	UNK
a 95-minute commercial 	UNK
bones tickled 	UNK
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet 	UNK
, the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation . 	UNK
bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people 	UNK
ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period 	UNK
overbearing 	UNK
with soul 	UNK
much as i laughed throughout the movie 	UNK
you do n't need to know your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california . 	UNK
the brilliance of animal house 	UNK
once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable . 	UNK
, and intermittently hilarious 	UNK
best thing 	UNK
realized the harsh reality of my situation 	UNK
awkward interplay and utter lack 	UNK
any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors . 	UNK
often exciting 	UNK
is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians 	UNK
emotional buttons 	UNK
surprisingly sensitive script co-written 	UNK
sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , 	UNK
black hawk down and we were soldiers 	UNK
on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction 	UNK
do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation . 	UNK
even the stuffiest cinema goers 	UNK
it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored 	UNK
much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date . 	UNK
the power of strong voices 	UNK
some remarkable achival film about how shanghai ( of all places ) 	UNK
entertainment opportunism at its most glaring 	UNK
impress 	UNK
his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson 	UNK
a holy fool 	UNK
still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it 	UNK
by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work 	UNK
the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back . 	UNK
going nowhere fast 	UNK
ambitious movie 	UNK
the highest power 	UNK
be distasteful to children and adults alike 	UNK
unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles 	UNK
delivers fascinating psychological fare 	UNK
on great scares and a good surprise ending 	UNK
are masterfully controlled . 	UNK
broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient 	UNK
`` shock humor '' 	UNK
is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination . 	UNK
feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us 	UNK
with an utterly incompetent conclusion 	UNK
considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good 	UNK
a strong-minded viewpoint , or 	UNK
generally smart 	UNK
is born to play shaggy 	UNK
becomes instead a grating endurance test . 	UNK
, rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative . 	UNK
ladles on the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza . 	UNK
rouses us . 	UNK
compelling story 	UNK
winning performances and 	UNK
, snide and prejudice . 	UNK
working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 	UNK
by a gritty style and an excellent cast 	UNK
cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks 	UNK
the frequent allusions 	UNK
the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes . 	UNK
exuberant openness 	UNK
... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt . 	UNK
you might as well be watching a rerun 	UNK
a pedestrian , flat drama 	UNK
in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d 	UNK
of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness 	UNK
is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol 	UNK
are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ... 	UNK
his way to becoming the american indian spike lee 	UNK
diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful . 	UNK
intrigued 	UNK
of ( woo 's ) best work 	UNK
what we have here is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down . 	UNK
spice 	UNK
it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative 	UNK
a movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart . 	UNK
of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure 	UNK
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time . 	UNK
idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea 	UNK
filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability 	UNK
overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration . 	UNK
comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case 	UNK
summer entertainment 	UNK
distinct and very welcome sense 	UNK
emotional misery 	UNK
what i saw , i enjoyed . 	UNK
resemble the shapeless 	UNK
sneering 	UNK
wasted minutes of sandler 	UNK
, eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . 	UNK
too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span 	UNK
as darkly funny , energetic , 	UNK
cleaver 	UNK
that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible 	UNK
will capture the minds and hearts of many 	UNK
family 	UNK
but undernourished and plodding . 	UNK
worth checking out at theaters 	UNK
seems embarrassed by his own invention and 	UNK
to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense 	UNK
preserving a sense of mystery 	UNK
bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes . 	UNK
a grittily beautiful film that looks , 	UNK
daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty 	UNK
close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films 	UNK
every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it 	UNK
co-writer/director jonathan parker 's attempts to fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short . 	UNK
such a flat , plodding picture 	UNK
got a place in your heart for smokey robinson 	UNK
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , 	UNK
there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction 	UNK
more than a movie 	UNK
bad sound 	UNK
the impressively discreet filmmakers 	UNK
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids . 	UNK
imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor 	UNK
tepid and choppy recycling 	UNK
is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own . 	UNK
ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . 	UNK
patriot 	UNK
the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey 	UNK
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions . 	UNK
may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work 	UNK
a rerun 	UNK
smoke signals 	UNK
gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior 	UNK
rare quality 	UNK
the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , 	UNK
a poignant comedy 	UNK
, inescapably gorgeous , 	UNK
manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly 	UNK
eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor 	UNK
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart 	UNK
flower-power liberation 	UNK
dull in its lack of poetic frissons 	UNK
as lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material 	UNK
grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 	UNK
in sorrow 	UNK
after watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history . 	UNK
earnest performances 	UNK
a compelling coming-of-age drama 	UNK
a ' list cast 	UNK
cast and surehanded direction 	UNK
is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally 	UNK
loved it 	UNK
so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects 	UNK
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 	UNK
silly and monotonous 	UNK
inventive , consistently intelligent 	UNK
worst sin 	UNK
need agile performers 	UNK
unpredictable character 	UNK
spin hopelessly out 	UNK
be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . 	UNK
collapses under its own meager weight 	UNK
with the terrifying message 	UNK
a bit of a downer and a little 	UNK
not-very-funny 	UNK
splendidly cast pair 	UNK
another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ... 	UNK
redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star 	UNK
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game 	UNK
the movie is hardly a masterpiece , 	UNK
often downright creepy 	UNK
detail 	UNK
eats up the screen 	UNK
as graceful 	UNK
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , 	UNK
sewage 	UNK
the weak payoff 	UNK
formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory 	UNK
texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare . 	UNK
when you 've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation 	UNK
a cute partnership in i spy 	UNK
bitter end 	UNK
struggles of the working class to life 	UNK
is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age 	UNK
cheap-looking version of candid camera 	UNK
everyone can enjoy 	UNK
, ' i feel better already . 	UNK
cliche with little new added . 	UNK
shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait 	UNK
more colorful 	UNK
crassly flamboyant 	UNK
edgy camera work 	UNK
nominated for an oscar 	UNK
a triumph , 	UNK
's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence . 	UNK
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , 	UNK
fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work 	UNK
disagreeable 	UNK
just another generic drama 	UNK
, twisty yarn 	UNK
start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves 	UNK
mildly entertaining 	UNK
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , 	UNK
i 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and 	UNK
of our respect 	UNK
their project so interesting 	UNK
no big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film . 	UNK
, you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard . 	UNK
it 's not half-bad 	UNK
( rises ) above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism 	UNK
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , 	UNK
bad movies 	UNK
his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline 	UNK
does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain 	UNK
embodies the transformation of his character 	UNK
admirable 	UNK
is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain . 	UNK
running off 	UNK
last count 	UNK
be rewarded with some fine acting 	UNK
one good idea 	UNK
the compassion , good-natured humor and 	UNK
giddy and whimsical and relevant today 	UNK
been astronomically bad 	UNK
the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly 	UNK
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious 	UNK
unimaginable 	UNK
have done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age 	UNK
cutting-edge indie filmmaking 	UNK
leaving questions in its wake 	UNK
figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm . 	UNK
satire lucky break 	UNK
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out 	UNK
simply feeling like no other film in recent history 	UNK
breathtaking 	UNK
thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait 	UNK
the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness 	UNK
some good , organic character work , 	UNK
students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously 	UNK
just a string of stale gags , 	UNK
too ludicrous and borderline insulting 	UNK
, lame screenplay 	UNK
the case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause . 	UNK
devastating 	UNK
's easy to like 	UNK
a ponderous and pretentious endeavor 	UNK
with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking 	UNK
most amazing 	UNK
the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for 	UNK
just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer . 	UNK
dull moment 	UNK
expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women . 	UNK
good sense 	UNK
he 's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed . 	UNK
try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde 	UNK
comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors 	UNK
an exceptionally good idea 	UNK
are sweet and believable , 	UNK
full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow ! 	UNK
an obvious rapport with her actors and 	UNK
is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged 	UNK
been told and retold 	UNK
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work 	UNK
is supposed to be madcap farce 	UNK
each one of these people stand out 	UNK
like . 	UNK
very much worth 	UNK
bad the film 's story does not live up to its style 	UNK
strives 	UNK
an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video . 	UNK
amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination 	UNK
a serious movie with serious ideas . 	UNK
thriller remarkable 	UNK
, is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is 	UNK
touching , smart and complicated 	UNK
angelina jolie 's surprising flair 	UNK
self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash 	UNK
cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances 	UNK
, colorful , semimusical 	UNK
a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted . 	UNK
leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach 	UNK
more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine 	UNK
among the studio 's animated classics 	UNK
not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics 	UNK
recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera 	UNK
tells us nothing new 	UNK
is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . 	UNK
the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man 	UNK
is of the darkest variety 	UNK
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames . 	UNK
into splatter movies 	UNK
derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved 	UNK
instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way 	UNK
first real masterpiece 	UNK
are consistently delightful 	UNK
strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder . 	UNK
dud from frame one . 	UNK
maid in manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies . 	UNK
paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script 	UNK
low-grade 	UNK
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and 	UNK
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché 	UNK
you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live 	UNK
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and 	UNK
it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america 	UNK
is rigid and evasive in ways 	UNK
uneven performances 	UNK
ingeniously constructed than `` memento '' 	UNK
a dreary movie . 	UNK
like a well-made pb & j sandwich 	UNK
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious 	UNK
a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman 	UNK
to remake sleepless in seattle again and again 	UNK
directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue 	UNK
a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment 	UNK
seems more tacky and reprehensible 	UNK
given by the capable cast 	UNK
a deficit 	UNK
i 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming . 	UNK
the widowmaker is a great yarn 	UNK
screwing things up old school 	UNK
's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama 	UNK
equate to being good , 	UNK
a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics . 	UNK
tinged with tragic undertones 	UNK
extreme action-packed film 	UNK
that never 	UNK
of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure 	UNK
a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week 	UNK
a successful one 	UNK
found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style 	UNK
to our dismay 	UNK
comparatively sane and healthy 	UNK
, obnoxious 88-minute 	UNK
this movie 's got it 	UNK
putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank . 	UNK
sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices 	UNK
a string of ensemble cast romances recently 	UNK
to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget 	UNK
pointed , often tender , 	UNK
sharp and 	UNK
seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots 	UNK
recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting 	UNK
the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems . 	UNK
warmed-over cold war paranoia 	UNK
is the most visually unappealing 	UNK
, the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems . 	UNK
current americanized adaptation 	UNK
an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema 	UNK
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy . 	UNK
into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need 	UNK
director todd solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates . 	UNK
' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated . 	UNK
tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price 	UNK
at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty . 	UNK
a very well-meaning movie , 	UNK
was just a matter of ` eh 	UNK
nature film and a tribute 	UNK
does n't add up 	UNK
an incongruous summer playoff 	UNK
beats new life 	UNK
mundane soap opera 	UNK
known as ' a perfect family film 	UNK
to arrest development in a dead-end existence 	UNK
has several strong performances . 	UNK
is not 	UNK
a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity 	UNK
lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made ( eyre 's ) first film something of a sleeper success 	UNK
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever waited in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office . 	UNK
somewhat tired premise 	UNK
has something to say 	UNK
love , communal discord , 	UNK
into the urban heart 	UNK
of good sense 	UNK
a light , 	UNK
there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism . 	UNK
lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter . 	UNK
skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience 	UNK
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least 	UNK
a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration 	UNK
kaufman 's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious . 	UNK
sell it 	UNK
exceedingly memorable 	UNK
a fantastic movie 	UNK
delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids 	UNK
crash-and-bash action 	UNK
slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves . 	UNK
gentle , endearing 	UNK
happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music . 	UNK
it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 	UNK
turd squashed 	UNK
knucklehead swill 	UNK
the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . 	UNK
decide what annoyed me most about god is great 	UNK
like a mix of cheech and chong 	UNK
- kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked 	UNK
this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip 	UNK
self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman 	UNK
by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot 	UNK
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , 	UNK
we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images 	UNK
no lika 	UNK
is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience 	UNK
a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo 	UNK
it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 	UNK
more timely than its director could ever have dreamed 	UNK
what is kind of special 	UNK
missed opportunity 	UNK
undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards 	UNK
the pianist ( is ) a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life 	UNK
, it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence 	UNK
colors the picture in some evocative shades 	UNK
undone 	UNK
is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up . 	UNK
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and recreating it an in an african idiom . 	UNK
allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself 	UNK
some cute moments , funny scenes , and 	UNK
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from france 	UNK
hardhearted scrooge 	UNK
7th heaven 	UNK
ensues are much blood-splattering 	UNK
unlike 	UNK
rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of yiddish culture and language 	UNK
dialogue and plot lapses 	UNK
it comes off as annoying rather than charming 	UNK
, labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . 	UNK
manipulating our collective fear 	UNK
a number of holes 	UNK
, i do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money . 	UNK
good cinematography 	UNK
's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film . 	UNK
despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes 	UNK
to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one 	UNK
a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success 	UNK
mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face 	UNK
his boisterous energy 	UNK
this a high water mark for this genre 	UNK
a fascinating character study 	UNK
humor and 	UNK
the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year . 	UNK
written , flatly , 	UNK
for a breath of fresh air now and then 	UNK
far superior film 	UNK
a snore 	UNK
song-and-dance-man 	UNK
a sharp script 	UNK
assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni 's pinocchio -- 	UNK
too predictable and 	UNK
a role of almost bergmanesque intensity 	UNK
plodding 	UNK
none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think . 	UNK
goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so 	UNK
too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility . 	UNK
inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience 	UNK
strong piece 	UNK
earns extra points by acting as if it were n't 	UNK
the movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications . 	UNK
is its utter sincerity . 	UNK
manipulative and 	UNK
the plot offers few surprises 	UNK
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home 	UNK
it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it . 	UNK
has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable 	UNK
ends up being neither 	UNK
consummate actor barry has done excellent work here . 	UNK
construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis 	UNK
this distinguished actor 	UNK
acute expressiveness 	UNK
goes straight to video 	UNK
the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay 	UNK
might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention 	UNK
releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults 	UNK
sweet , tender sermon 	UNK
gaping 	UNK
godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work . 	UNK
does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency . 	UNK
gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air 	UNK
with such clarity 	UNK
enigma lacks it . 	UNK
offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life . 	UNK
a classic theater piece 	UNK
to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments 	UNK
it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment 	UNK
the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio . 	UNK
lack contrast , are murky and 	UNK
muddled , 	UNK
there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but peter mattei 's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 	UNK
one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies 	UNK
the rich promise of the script 	UNK
bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? 	UNK
some like it 	UNK
promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 	UNK
is at 22 a powerful young actor . 	UNK
an engaging story 	UNK
the film was better than saving private ryan 	UNK
as darkly funny , energetic , and 	UNK
acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending . 	UNK
no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight 	UNK
an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and 	UNK
fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter 	UNK
seems aware of his own coolness 	UNK
a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it 	UNK
that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938 	UNK
a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion 	UNK
marginal 	UNK
is one of this year 's very best pictures 	UNK
hyper-artificiality 	UNK
place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics 	UNK
sensuous and spirited tale 	UNK
's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted 	UNK
scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics 	UNK
the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality 	UNK
like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments 	UNK
a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem 	UNK
pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead 	UNK
a such a brainless flibbertigibbet 	UNK
of tradition and warmth 	UNK
american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place 	UNK
ca n't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness 	UNK
splendid performances 	UNK
an elegant and sly deadpan comedy . 	UNK
take the viewer inside the wave 	UNK
watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises 	UNK
to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy 	UNK
an overly sillified plot 	UNK
too much to do , too little time to do it in 	UNK
, here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation . 	UNK
spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say 	UNK
that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women 	UNK
reminiscent of alfred hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` signs ' occur while waiting for things to happen . 	UNK
for insights 	UNK
, juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre 	UNK
got me grinning 	UNK
is charming 	UNK
tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable 	UNK
supposedly funny 	UNK
lovely and amazing is holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is . 	UNK
has a pleasing way with a metaphor 	UNK
fairly slow paced 	UNK
and more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . 	UNK
oddly detached 	UNK
's never dull 	UNK
a bad imitation 	UNK
being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	UNK
that made the full monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work 	UNK
shows deft comic timing . 	UNK
that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago 	UNK
the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 	UNK
rich and luscious 	UNK
i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey . 	UNK
the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory 	UNK
the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	UNK
resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative 	UNK
why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ? 	UNK
's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy 	UNK
feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks 	UNK
all the same problems the majority of action comedies have 	UNK
absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers 	UNK
sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's 	UNK
fulfilling 	UNK
of the grieving process 	UNK
sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them . 	UNK
either 11 times too many or else too few 	UNK
by the time it 's done with us , 	UNK
an engaging and moving portrait 	UNK
wears out its limited welcome 	UNK
's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose . 	UNK
yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so 	UNK
could have been a daytime soap opera 	UNK
memorable 	UNK
the crassness of this reactionary thriller 	UNK
stuffiest cinema goers 	UNK
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , 	UNK
the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and l.a. to that end , they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either . 	UNK
suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled . 	UNK
short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries 	UNK
sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth 	UNK
really bad imitation 	UNK
goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling 	UNK
terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing 	UNK
ca n't sustain it . 	UNK
refreshed and hopeful 	UNK
to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire 	UNK
a remarkable and novel concept 	UNK
modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare 	UNK
somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton 	UNK
special 	UNK
could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format 	UNK
a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch 	UNK
as history 	UNK
that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients 	UNK
this movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment . 	UNK
considerable charm 	UNK
is enormously good fun . 	UNK
an enjoyable above average summer diversion . 	UNK
a good job 	UNK
that the franchise 's best years are long past 	UNK
the true impact of the day 	UNK
is somewhat entertaining 	UNK
gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done . 	UNK
puréed mélange 	UNK
thoroughly entertaining 	UNK
certain charm 	UNK
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , 	UNK
all the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams . 	UNK
the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens 	UNK
takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about 	UNK
providing an experience that is richer than anticipated 	UNK
obvious as telling a country skunk 	UNK
is that it 's a brazenly misguided project . 	UNK
enjoy it 	UNK
that good theatre 	UNK
for genre fans 	UNK
a pathetic exploitation film 	UNK
queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- 	UNK
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year 	UNK
a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him 	UNK
less as a documentary and more as a found relic 	UNK
is a step down for director gary fleder . 	UNK
all in all , road to perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence . 	UNK
a serious movie 	UNK
's to this film 's ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves 	UNK
and good intentions 	UNK
feels like a glossy rehash 	UNK
pushes too hard 	UNK
is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair . 	UNK
very charming and funny 	UNK
seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers 	UNK
this is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives . 	UNK
sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking 	UNK
well-acted , 	UNK
laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period 	UNK
solid cast 	UNK
damon and 	UNK
too much obvious padding 	UNK
talented director as chen kaige 	UNK
for once 	UNK
even gritty enough 	UNK
this is not an easy film . 	UNK
raw comic energy 	UNK
the real turns magical 	UNK
its fun 	UNK
the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing 	UNK
could take me back to a time before i saw this movie 	UNK
that it has n't gone straight to video 	UNK
accomplished work 	UNK
it 's plotless , shapeless 	UNK
subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer 	UNK
resonant film since the killer 	UNK
is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little **** . 	UNK
is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring . 	UNK
along looking for astute observations and coming up blank 	UNK
, love . 	UNK
the characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach . 	UNK
is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad . 	UNK
is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original 	UNK
seem disappointing 	UNK
the face of death 	UNK
nature and family warmth 	UNK
horrendously 	UNK
is a tale worth catching . 	UNK
the aaa of action , xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement . 	UNK
that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller 	UNK
not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous 	UNK
the film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise . 	UNK
a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish 	UNK
... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun . 	UNK
nebrida 	UNK
gross romanticization 	UNK
epics 	UNK
is amazing , 	UNK
of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged 	UNK
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind 	UNK
the inherent absurdity 	UNK
in the truest sense 	UNK
of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen 	UNK
another genre exercise , gangster no. 1 is as generic as its title . 	UNK
avoid 	UNK
carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others 	UNK
works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times 	UNK
for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why 	UNK
is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend 	UNK
was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy 	UNK
they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up 	UNK
for nearly three hours 	UNK
mean-spirited film 	UNK
friend 	UNK
deeply pessimistic or 	UNK
made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire . 	UNK
colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . 	UNK
instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza 	UNK
a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the new age . 	UNK
bogs down in genre cliches here 	UNK
when not wallowing in its characters ' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems . 	UNK
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and 	UNK
, godfrey reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon . 	UNK
a serious movie with serious ideas 	UNK
breathe life into this somewhat tired premise 	UNK
drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress 	UNK
a wry , affectionate delight . 	UNK
a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity 	UNK
sucks , but has a funny moment or two 	UNK
has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism . 	UNK
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth . 	UNK
goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better 	UNK
uneven , 	UNK
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought 	UNK
clichéd to a fault 	UNK
you laugh 	UNK
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character -- 	UNK
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror . 	UNK
a juicy writer 	UNK
make you feel like a sucker 	UNK
's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects 	UNK
chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy . 	UNK
it is generally amusing from time to time 	UNK
soap opera-ish dialogue 	UNK
complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones 	UNK
poor 	UNK
is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents 	UNK
are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones 	UNK
has been remarkable about clung-to traditions 	UNK
terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most 	UNK
two tedious 	UNK
a nearly terminal case 	UNK
because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin . 	UNK
( t ) oo many of these gross out scenes ... 	UNK
stylistically , the movie is a disaster . 	UNK
as beautiful , 	UNK
genial-rogue shtick 	UNK
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense . 	UNK
giggly 	UNK
is a pretty decent little documentary . 	UNK
purgatory county 	UNK
best and most mature comedy 	UNK
an elegantly balanced movie 	UNK
astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one 	UNK
is way , way off . 	UNK
is the central flaw of the film 	UNK
memorable cinematic experience 	UNK
of the bad reviews 	UNK
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks 	UNK
we never feel anything for these characters , and 	UNK
certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike 	UNK
though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess . 	UNK
rumor 	UNK
happy listening to movies 	UNK
the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me 	UNK
strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but 	UNK
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; 	UNK
reach for a barf bag 	UNK
a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way 	UNK
genuine insight into the urban heart 	UNK
`` radical '' or `` suck '' 	UNK
lurid and less 	UNK
a dead-end existence 	UNK
sad nonsense , 	UNK
tear their eyes away 	UNK
run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest 	UNK
to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets 	UNK
scuzzy underbelly 	UNK
larded 	UNK
foundering performance 	UNK
lulls you into a gentle waking coma . 	UNK
ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot . 	UNK
resident evil is not it 	UNK
lead actress gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren . 	UNK
fighting the same fights 	UNK
visually atrocious 	UNK
poking their genitals into fruit pies 	UNK
the movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart . 	UNK
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing 	UNK
the hours , a delicately crafted film , 	UNK
a film of delicate interpersonal dances . 	UNK
a lousy one 	UNK
at the edge of your seat for long stretches 	UNK
intimate contemplation 	UNK
baffling mixed platter 	UNK
finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 	UNK
non-exploitive approach 	UNK
the problem with all of this : it 's not really funny . 	UNK
from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes 	UNK
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades . 	UNK
charmless 	UNK
finely crafted , finely written , 	UNK
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time 	UNK
... unlike ( scorsese 's mean streets ) , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot . 	UNK
an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again 	UNK
a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants 	UNK
it 's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long . 	UNK
odoriferous thing ... 	UNK
strongest performance 	UNK
, your senses are as mushy as peas 	UNK
, no one can hear you snore 	UNK
half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 	UNK
cruel 	UNK
relative letdown . 	UNK
lushly photographed and beautifully recorded . 	UNK
the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration . 	UNK
laughs and not the last time 	UNK
're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver 's license 	UNK
his future wife 	UNK
going to be something really good 	UNK
accessible 	UNK
earnest study 	UNK
cunning 	UNK
includes one of the strangest 	UNK
most daring 	UNK
the laborious pacing and 	UNK
a photographic marvel 	UNK
massive cardiac arrest 	UNK
but still quite tasty and inviting all the same 	UNK
an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection 	UNK
eisenstein delivers . 	UNK
soars above the material realm 	UNK
has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors . 	UNK
being able to give full performances 	UNK
humor and 	UNK
a solid , 	UNK
is sorely lacking . 	UNK
in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk 	UNK
a definitive account 	UNK
perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny 	UNK
better drama 	UNK
far short 	UNK
inviting all the same 	UNK
a solid and refined piece 	UNK
suffer the same fate 	UNK
delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households 	UNK
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and 	UNK
failing 	UNK
purposeless 	UNK
the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride 	UNK
the story goes nowhere 	UNK
a glorious dose 	UNK
've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions 	UNK
it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises 	UNK
kung pow is oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that . 	UNK
shallow , noisy and pretentious 	UNK
posing as a real movie . 	UNK
a thriller , and the performances 	UNK
with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver 	UNK
wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance 	UNK
heartfelt story 	UNK
conservative christian parents and 	UNK
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation 	UNK
an extraordinary faith in the ability of images 	UNK
's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist 	UNK
a detailed historical document 	UNK
weaknesses 	UNK
exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , 	UNK
's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling 	UNK
everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away 	UNK
is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad 	UNK
astonishingly skillful and moving 	UNK
the home video market 	UNK
plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit 	UNK
confident filmmaking and 	UNK
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture 	UNK
, it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . 	UNK
beyond its formula 	UNK
releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and 	UNK
a glorious spectacle 	UNK
sensitive and astute 	UNK
can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) 	UNK
an elegant work , food of love 	UNK
's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona . 	UNK
vulgarity , sex scenes 	UNK
most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars 	UNK
sleep-inducingly 	UNK
touching love story 	UNK
by a disastrous ending 	UNK
's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet 	UNK
a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten 	UNK
authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , 	UNK
sorry use of aaliyah in her one 	UNK
making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases 	UNK
in this every-joke-has - been-told-a 	UNK
how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest 	UNK
almost humdrum approach to character development 	UNK
sassy interpretation 	UNK
faithful 	UNK
there are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them 	UNK
redolent of a thousand cliches 	UNK
of france 's most inventive directors 	UNK
almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- 	UNK
exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing 	UNK
thirst 	UNK
in on the resourceful amnesiac 	UNK
figures prominently in this movie , and 	UNK
tour de 	UNK
is a bore 	UNK
off-puttingly cold 	UNK
children behave like adults and everyone 	UNK
his aversion 	UNK
this beautifully 	UNK
deeply humanizing 	UNK
a tone of rueful compassion ... 	UNK
though the film is static 	UNK
self-defeatingly decorous 	UNK
lifeless execution 	UNK
tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here 	UNK
make for one splendidly cast pair . 	UNK
, hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . 	UNK
from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen 	UNK
a pasolini film without passion or politics 	UNK
could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans 	UNK
a hallmark film 	UNK
genuine heart 	UNK
run-of-the-filth gangster flicks 	UNK
surrealistic 	UNK
( maybe twice ) 	UNK
, the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers . 	UNK
-- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight . 	UNK
you really want to understand what this story is really all about 	UNK
can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already 	UNK
had no trouble sitting for blade ii . 	UNK
another clever if pointless excursion 	UNK
the visual flair and bouncing bravado 	UNK
with no good inside dope , and no particular bite 	UNK
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies 	UNK
secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism . 	UNK
in me 	UNK
the film has a terrific look and 	UNK
skidding 	UNK
the rare sequel 	UNK
eventful 	UNK
understand her choices 	UNK
disposable 	UNK
admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace 	UNK
inconclusive 	UNK
do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money 	UNK
reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart 	UNK
gay love stories 	UNK
a sardonic jolt 	UNK
cheap scam 	UNK
to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept 	UNK
dreadful 	UNK
ill-advised and 	UNK
such sensitivity 	UNK
believe that people have lost the ability to think 	UNK
that ( jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice 	UNK
ragbag 	UNK
a warm , moving message 	UNK
the effort is sincere and the results are honest 	UNK
mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame . 	UNK
self-consciously arty 	UNK
an absorbing look 	UNK
strangely tempting bouquet 	UNK
drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign 	UNK
the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy . 	UNK
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe 	UNK
the best film of the year 2002 . 	UNK
pay to see it 	UNK
is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time 	UNK
it 's all the stronger because of it 	UNK
a spark of its own 	UNK
there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater . 	UNK
poky 	UNK
great performances 	UNK
two-day old porridge 	UNK
whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep 	UNK
fascinating profile 	UNK
horrible poetry 	UNK
hot-button items 	UNK
immersed 	UNK
takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints 	UNK
` matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy . 	UNK
most admirable quality 	UNK
wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step 	UNK
ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff 	UNK
the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries 	UNK
come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated . 	UNK
has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player . 	UNK
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ... i 'm not , and then i realized that i just did n't care 	UNK
there was any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body 	UNK
submarine movie 	UNK
an intriguing what-if premise 	UNK
in a stunning fusion of music and images 	UNK
the brain 	UNK
you 're almost dozing 	UNK
mind-destroying cinematic pollution 	UNK
of family , forgiveness and love 	UNK
a tired tyco ad 	UNK
is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power 	UNK
uncinematic but 	UNK
, verve and fun 	UNK
is blood-curdling stuff 	UNK
druggy 	UNK
things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , 	UNK
used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending 	UNK
's lots of cute animals and clumsy people 	UNK
familiar road 	UNK
was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo 	UNK
is strange and compelling 	UNK
offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable 	UNK
of renegade-cop tales 	UNK
is well worthwhile . 	UNK
has really found his groove these days 	UNK
the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy 	UNK
the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies 	UNK
so vivid 	UNK
severe body odor 	UNK
how clever 	UNK
used my two hours better watching 	UNK
no such thing is a big letdown . 	UNK
the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener 	UNK
manipulation or corny conventions 	UNK
pointless mayhem 	UNK
i 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , 	UNK
a mobius strip 	UNK
nincompoop 	UNK
truly is life affirming 	UNK
satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale 	UNK
well-directed 	UNK
our best actors 	UNK
a cohesive story 	UNK
those with a modicum of patience 	UNK
not a good movie 	UNK
fierce grace 	UNK
it does n't work as either . 	UNK
a smart , nuanced look at de sade 	UNK
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies . 	UNK
vital action sequences 	UNK
instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way . 	UNK
that it risks monotony 	UNK
result in a movie that works against itself . 	UNK
a popcorn film , not a must-own , 	UNK
give what can easily be considered career-best performances 	UNK
overstimulated 	UNK
some of the computer animation is handsome 	UNK
an absurd finale 	UNK
the best comedy concert movie 	UNK
the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery 	UNK
vulgar innuendo 	UNK
the bottom line is the piece works brilliantly . 	UNK
is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to resist . 	UNK
a 94-minute travesty 	UNK
be mildly amusing 	UNK
face frightening late fees 	UNK
one of those all-star reunions 	UNK
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american 	UNK
stevens is ) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits . 	UNK
rotten 	UNK
a vivid imagination 	UNK
is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures . 	UNK
so insanely stupid , 	UNK
`` sorority boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad 	UNK
it may be a no-brainer 	UNK
pleasant enough -- 	UNK
a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit 	UNK
of sly humor 	UNK
this sensuous and spirited tale 	UNK
be surefire casting 	UNK
that verges on the amateurish 	UNK
that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence 	UNK
documentary to disregard available bias 	UNK
deliciously nonsensical comedy 	UNK
is honestly affecting 	UNK
a disappointment 	UNK
are remarkable . 	UNK
like mike is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net . 	UNK
uncluttered 	UNK
are both superb , 	UNK
seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little . 	UNK
as the film has some of the best special effects ever 	UNK
photographed with color and depth , and rather a good time . 	UNK
a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness 	UNK
almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears . ' 	UNK
seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look , director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors . 	UNK
steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious . 	UNK
sink the movie . 	UNK
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular 	UNK
of small town regret , love , duty and friendship 	UNK
is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail 	UNK
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually 	UNK
older 	UNK
tired jokes 	UNK
for the most part , the film is deadly dull 	UNK
sexiness 	UNK
seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 	UNK
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama 	UNK
action sequences and some of the worst dialogue 	UNK
racist humor 	UNK
an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama 	UNK
a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america 	UNK
technical flaws 	UNK
the girls ' amusing personalities 	UNK
feels incredibly hokey 	UNK
, i hated myself in the morning . 	UNK
willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor 	UNK
most splendid 	UNK
pure venality 	UNK
irresistible blend 	UNK
action hero performances 	UNK
a surprisingly juvenile lark , 	UNK
, shrewd , powerful act 	UNK
even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light 	UNK
a gritty style and an excellent cast 	UNK
its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through 	UNK
more fun than conan the barbarian 	UNK
the gloomy film noir veil 	UNK
as a ghost story gone badly awry 	UNK
choose to skip it 	UNK
, brash and mainly unfunny 	UNK
perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features 	UNK
it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 	UNK
, the 1960 version is a far smoother ride . 	UNK
great team 	UNK
's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe . 	UNK
, big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . ' 	UNK
a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker 	UNK
jason x is this bad on purpose 	UNK
edge 	UNK
entrapment 	UNK
, the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . 	UNK
this likable movie 	UNK
it 's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break 	UNK
the paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final ( restored ) third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic . 	UNK
does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve 	UNK
bad to be good 	UNK
... its three-hour running time plays closer to two . 	UNK
try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching 	UNK
rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption 	UNK
's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something . 	UNK
me feel unclean 	UNK
were dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director ethan hawke 's strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` do not go gentle into that good theatre . ' 	UNK
clever , offbeat 	UNK
her pure fantasy character , 	UNK
whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy 	UNK
unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form . 	UNK
an eye on preserving a sense of mystery 	UNK
goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan 	UNK
loved on first sight and , even more important 	UNK
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence . 	UNK
charm , cultivation and devotion to his people 	UNK
a potentially good comic premise and 	UNK
charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy . 	UNK
the film grows on you . 	UNK
intellectually and logistically a mess . 	UNK
's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf . 	UNK
movie-of-the-week 	UNK
b movie 	UNK
of adolescent sturm und drang 	UNK
crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality 	UNK
for an eagerness 	UNK
we 're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments . 	UNK
the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games 	UNK
pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle . 	UNK
the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary 	UNK
find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology 	UNK
be embraced 	UNK
, eisenstein delivers . 	UNK
to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry 	UNK
the story ... is hackneyed 	UNK
innocent , childlike 	UNK
fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling . 	UNK
about surprising us by trying something new 	UNK
béart and berling are both superb , while huppert ... is magnificent . 	UNK
on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls 	UNK
we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society 	UNK
spontaneous creativity and 	UNK
the most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism . 	UNK
we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and 	UNK
oppressive 	UNK
atypically hypnotic approach 	UNK
japanese epic 	UNK
great past 	UNK
looking down at your watch and 	UNK
marginal characters 	UNK
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing 	UNK
be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title 	UNK
it 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex . 	UNK
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god 	UNK
shows excess in business and pleasure , 	UNK
for a director i admire 	UNK
rounded and revealing 	UNK
conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle 	UNK
fascinating character 's 	UNK
is priceless . 	UNK
be talking about the film once you exit the theater 	UNK
it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence 	UNK
taylor 's cartoonish performance and 	UNK
... the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly , scoob and shag do n't eat enough during the film . ' 	UNK
shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film 	UNK
will forgive the flaws and love the film 	UNK
one of the most original american productions this year , you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state . 	UNK
there 's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale . 	UNK
they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either 	UNK
sorrowful lows 	UNK
a remarkably original work 	UNK
, this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel . 	UNK
're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments 	UNK
only so much baked cardboard i need to chew 	UNK
disguise 24/7 	UNK
a great way 	UNK
to reel in the audience 	UNK
, the more you will probably like it . 	UNK
knows how to tell us about people 	UNK
forget its absurdity 	UNK
any naked teenagers horror flick 	UNK
is not an easy film . 	UNK
noticeable lack 	UNK
of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much 	UNK
ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter 	UNK
that 's where the film ultimately fails 	UNK
even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold 	UNK
their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people 	UNK
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood 	UNK
the pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers 	UNK
devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower . 	UNK
young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale 	UNK
grow increasingly disturbed 	UNK
a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story . 	UNK
about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution 	UNK
from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic 	UNK
disapproval 	UNK
rape and 	UNK
silly -- and gross -- 	UNK
visual delights 	UNK
is n't worth telling 	UNK
is grand-scale 	UNK
denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism 	UNK
-- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- 	UNK
an intelligent flick 	UNK
a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart . 	UNK
beautiful film to watch 	UNK
can do no wrong with jason x. 	UNK
lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo 	UNK
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler 	UNK
huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes 	UNK
believing people were paid to make it 	UNK
funniest idea 	UNK
unbearably beautiful 	UNK
's updating works surprisingly well 	UNK
two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending . 	UNK
this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . 	UNK
why did n't hollywood think of this sooner ? 	UNK
a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy . 	UNK
stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric 	UNK
what 's next ? 	UNK
if you saw it on tv , you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . 	UNK
love and 	UNK
savvy director robert j. siegel and his co-writers 	UNK
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears 	UNK
j. lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl . 	UNK
an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness 	UNK
doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves 	UNK
is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill 	UNK
favor 	UNK
i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject . 	UNK
buried , drowned 	UNK
is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man . 	UNK
rambling 	UNK
... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters 	UNK
to others , it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking . 	UNK
's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance . 	UNK
the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood 	UNK
, you will enjoy seeing how both evolve 	UNK
almost perpetually wasted 	UNK
thoroughly enjoyable . 	UNK
is painfully bad 	UNK
as naturally charming 	UNK
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : 	UNK
lacking substance and soul 	UNK
bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material 	UNK
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking . 	UNK
is dreamy and evocative 	UNK
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process 	UNK
a fair bit 	UNK
makes it worth the trip to the theater 	UNK
darkly funny 	UNK
thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry 	UNK
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy 	UNK
starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner . 	UNK
to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy 	UNK
even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread 	UNK
graceless and devoid 	UNK
original hit movie 	UNK
his supple understanding of the role 	UNK
it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . 	UNK
serious suspense 	UNK
embarrassingly ham-fisted 	UNK
her passionate , tumultuous affair 	UNK
are spectacular 	UNK
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , 	UNK
gon na like this movie 	UNK
forgiveness and love 	UNK
why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad 	UNK
a sweet and sexy film 	UNK
a decent attempt 	UNK
is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise . 	UNK
you can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good . ' 	UNK
timeless 	UNK
is too heady for children , and too preachy 	UNK
a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics 	UNK
are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp 	UNK
heart and unsettling subject matter 	UNK
that keeps you 	UNK
misuse 	UNK
that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch 	UNK
vividly captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse . 	UNK
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting 	UNK
cult classic 	UNK
unflattering 	UNK
delivers real bump-in - the-night chills 	UNK
what 's most memorable about circuit 	UNK
one thing 's for sure -- if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head . 	UNK
an encouraging new direction 	UNK
classy , sprightly spin 	UNK
ca n't help but feel ` stoked . 	UNK
, sex with strangers is a success . 	UNK
totally estranged from reality 	UNK
, delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride . 	UNK
and poorly-constructed comedy 	UNK
dreadful day 	UNK
exploitation film 	UNK
a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 	UNK
a vivid personality 	UNK
the fist is hilarious 	UNK
see this terrific film with your kids -- 	UNK
farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher 	UNK
the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters . 	UNK
of creative belly laughs 	UNK
controversy 	UNK
needs to pull his head out of his butt 	UNK
it a step further , richer and deeper 	UNK
is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin 	UNK
's hardly watchable 	UNK
an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships 	UNK
not amused by the sick sense of humor 	UNK
are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday 	UNK
this rich and luscious 	UNK
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , 	UNK
it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain 	UNK
the script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks . 	UNK
needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ? 	UNK
oftentimes funny 	UNK
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be 	UNK
seem to be surefire casting 	UNK
some intriguing characters 	UNK
winning family story 	UNK
a charming , banter-filled comedy ... 	UNK
alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny 	UNK
as moronic as some campus 	UNK
ploddingly melodramatic structure 	UNK
works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era 	UNK
laugh as well . 	UNK
original and highly cerebral 	UNK
here seems to have recharged him . 	UNK
waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it . 	UNK
an impeccable study 	UNK
see her esther blossom as an actress 	UNK
minority report '' astounds . 	UNK
by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material 	UNK
not well-acted 	UNK
in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency 	UNK
, the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject . 	UNK
elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases 	UNK
wishy-washy . 	UNK
each other so intensely , but with restraint 	UNK
far more interesting 	UNK
rugrats 	UNK
, insight and humor 	UNK
and mind games 	UNK
unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema 	UNK
an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement . 	UNK
love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots . 	UNK
his characters stage 	UNK
a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking 	UNK
while scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` gangs '' is never lethargic 	UNK
was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson ... 	UNK
if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen 	UNK
is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost . 	UNK
a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . ' 	UNK
keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots . 	UNK
you 've got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation 	UNK
the psychology too textbook to intrigue 	UNK
, it 's pretty stupid . 	UNK
bravo for history 	UNK
is a winner . 	UNK
accepting him in the role 	UNK
of businesses 	UNK
is a dazzling conceptual feat 	UNK
, preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 	UNK
an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and 	UNK
slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play 	UNK
( b ) 	UNK
which should appeal to women 	UNK
a nationwide blight 	UNK
effectively creepy-scary thriller 	UNK
brutally honest individual 	UNK
all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax 	UNK
breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes 	UNK
crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness . 	UNK
also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience 	UNK
more hackneyed elements 	UNK
is as lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material . 	UNK
the only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair 	UNK
, in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works . 	UNK
mesmerizing performance 	UNK
if you 're not fans of the adventues of steve and terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake . 	UNK
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle 	UNK
is more depressing than entertaining 	UNK
wrong reasons 	UNK
wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals . 	UNK
put in service 	UNK
to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor 	UNK
are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances . 	UNK
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not 	UNK
is sympathetic without being gullible 	UNK
a great and a terrible story 	UNK
negligible british comedy . 	UNK
sacrificing its high-minded appeal 	UNK
warm 	UNK
sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts 	UNK
beautiful , aching sadness 	UNK
they crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness . 	UNK
's compelling 	UNK
whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude 	UNK
simplistic , silly and tedious . 	UNK
who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little 	UNK
to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 	UNK
as he was about inner consciousness 	UNK
ugly , pointless , stupid movie 	UNK
it 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . 	UNK
, amusing and unsettling 	UNK
rolling your eyes in the dark 	UNK
, stylized humor throughout 	UNK
no charm , 	UNK
i 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché 	UNK
if only merchant paid more attention the story . 	UNK
is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving 	UNK
have its charms 	UNK
does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that 	UNK
every punchline predictable 	UNK
no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract 	UNK
feral and uncomfortable . 	UNK
bogus 	UNK
are typical sandler fare 	UNK
plenty of fun for all 	UNK
of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast 	UNK
a colorful , joyous celebration of life 	UNK
george 's haplessness 	UNK
loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience . 	UNK
sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it . 	UNK
compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness 	UNK
a charismatic charmer 	UNK
on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness 	UNK
both the beauty 	UNK
the riveting performances 	UNK
bouncing bravado 	UNK
, no such thing is a fascinating little tale . 	UNK
should have been a painless time-killer 	UNK
a minimalist beauty 	UNK
it 's drab . 	UNK
an admirable reconstruction 	UNK
gifted performers 	UNK
so often end up on cinema screens 	UNK
the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness 	UNK
on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns 	UNK
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer 	UNK
romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going 	UNK
good action , good acting 	UNK
as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions 	UNK
frustratingly timid and soggy 	UNK
's real visual charge to the filmmaking 	UNK
have preceded it 	UNK
a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely 	UNK
because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget 	UNK
had a wonderful account to work from 	UNK
barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely 	UNK
( soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness . 	UNK
a community-college advertisement 	UNK
asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives 	UNK
caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely . 	UNK
a mischievous visual style 	UNK
call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid . 	UNK
interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity . 	UNK
warmth 	UNK
behind bars 	UNK
the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story 	UNK
is notable for its sheer audacity and openness 	UNK
, steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience . 	UNK
this is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned . 	UNK
a bit exploitative but also nicely done 	UNK
the love 	UNK
more than merely a holocaust movie 	UNK
have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort 	UNK
was painful 	UNK
charismatic enough 	UNK
the trip there is a great deal of fun . 	UNK
manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust . 	UNK
in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . 	UNK
keeps throwing fastballs 	UNK
here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé . 	UNK
is that it does n't give a damn 	UNK
spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an orc from a uruk-hai . 	UNK
walked out of runteldat 	UNK
keep watching the skies for his next project 	UNK
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow 	UNK
land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored . 	UNK
's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form 	UNK
want the story to go on and on 	UNK
this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; 	UNK
woefully hackneyed 	UNK
a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel 	UNK
re-fried 	UNK
worthy of the price of a ticket 	UNK
hope 	UNK
was just a matter of ` eh . ' 	UNK
carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . '' 	UNK
a better person 	UNK
one summer film that satisfies 	UNK
so unmemorable 	UNK
of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film 	UNK
's been done before 	UNK
its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude . 	UNK
bags 	UNK
have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot 	UNK
dignified ceo 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree . 	UNK
at 18 or 80 	UNK
cuter 	UNK
the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it . 	UNK
tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun . 	UNK
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer 	UNK
to the civilized mind , a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement . 	UNK
very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut 	UNK
thinly-conceived 	UNK
vividly back 	UNK
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory . 	UNK
've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel . 	UNK
this is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic . 	UNK
rewritten , and 	UNK
snow dogs finds its humor in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him 	UNK
to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed . 	UNK
explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens 	UNK
near-fatal mistake 	UNK
complex and quirky , but entirely believable 	UNK
about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time 	UNK
be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made 	UNK
banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be 	UNK
the christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it 	UNK
more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions 	UNK
comes from the heart 	UNK
, funny and beautifully 	UNK
gone a tad less for grit and a lot more 	UNK
the good and different idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances 	UNK
is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt . 	UNK
a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell 	UNK
slip into the modern rut of narrative banality 	UNK
alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale 	UNK
pretentious 	UNK
's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable 	UNK
fahrenheit 451 	UNK
allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced 	UNK
tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump 	UNK
telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug 	UNK
made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries 	UNK
the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy 	UNK
was utterly charming . 	UNK
outnumber the hits by three-to-one . 	UNK
of purpose 	UNK
i am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson . 	UNK
just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting . 	UNK
it 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison . 	UNK
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable 	UNK
a rip-off twice removed , modeled after ( seagal 's ) earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat . 	UNK
have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching 	UNK
is wondrously creative 	UNK
chance to learn , to grow , to travel 	UNK
kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script 	UNK
are quietly moving 	UNK
the locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches . 	UNK
're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles 	UNK
down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow 	UNK
a bunch of other , better movies slapped together . 	UNK
stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . 	UNK
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow . 	UNK
balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness 	UNK
lousy guy ritchie imitation 	UNK
more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks . 	UNK
wheezy 	UNK
a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up 	UNK
those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking . 	UNK
meditative and lyrical 	UNK
realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 	UNK
in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react 	UNK
consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , 	UNK
lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago 	UNK
here are unintentional . 	UNK
have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma 	UNK
the immediate aftermath 	UNK
blockbusters 	UNK
blockbuster 	UNK
looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer 	UNK
intriguing subject 	UNK
to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay 	UNK
it will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster . 	UNK
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before 	UNK
that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . 	UNK
something is rotten in the state of california 	UNK
are not to be dismissed 	UNK
grab us 	UNK
interesting work 	UNK
baby-faced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within . 	UNK
why it fails 	UNK
one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid 	UNK
that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 	UNK
pretty moments 	UNK
the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama 	UNK
and unfunny tricks 	UNK
philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest 	UNK
credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson 	UNK
insignificant 	UNK
good inside dope 	UNK
receiving war department telegrams 	UNK
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters 	UNK
got something 	UNK
consciously dumbed-down approach 	UNK
rut 	UNK
has no teeth 	UNK
a very good time 	UNK
a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks 	UNK
that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september 	UNK
seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense 	UNK
trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge 	UNK
lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank 	UNK
sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before . 	UNK
tensions 	UNK
the grandeur 	UNK
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , 	UNK
both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing 	UNK
dreaded 	UNK
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary 	UNK
yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film . 	UNK
be occupied for 72 minutes 	UNK
is often preachy 	UNK
very charming and funny movie 	UNK
a delightful surprise 	UNK
touching , small-scale story 	UNK
is twice as bestial but half as funny . 	UNK
a turkey 	UNK
beauty 	UNK
of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract 	UNK
debt miramax felt they owed to benigni 	UNK
the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves 	UNK
is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans . 	UNK
fragmented 	UNK
quirky drama 	UNK
's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work . 	UNK
money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 	UNK
meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots 	UNK
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand 	UNK
some tasty grub 	UNK
resonant chord 	UNK
funnier . 	UNK
that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago 	UNK
a lack 	UNK
gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along 	UNK
overripe episode 	UNK
a fun ride . 	UNK
is well-made 	UNK
, overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other 	UNK
believing it was just coincidence 	UNK
this region and its inhabitants 	UNK
c.h.o. cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy . 	UNK
incompetent , incoherent or 	UNK
the ups and downs of friendships 	UNK
skillfully assembled , highly polished 	UNK
grownups 	UNK
the problematic script 	UNK
lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject 	UNK
deeply and rightly 	UNK
its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high 	UNK
nuances 	UNK
is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad 	UNK
i loved on first sight and , even more important 	UNK
it stinks 	UNK
an elegant visual sense 	UNK
sloppy plotting 	UNK
is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues 	UNK
noteworthy 	UNK
a thoughtful , reverent portrait 	UNK
who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest 	UNK
many insightful moments . 	UNK
undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality 	UNK
a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance 	UNK
able 	UNK
hate myself most mornings 	UNK
impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect 	UNK
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients 	UNK
a crisp psychological drama 	UNK
the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending 	UNK
's quite fun in places . 	UNK
cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. 	UNK
holm does his sly , intricate magic , and 	UNK
a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood 	UNK
a pretty good overall picture 	UNK
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama that 	UNK
enveloping sounds 	UNK
only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny 	UNK
is a gem . 	UNK
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite 	UNK
in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth 	UNK
without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision 	UNK
heartwarmingly 	UNK
brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life . 	UNK
it 's mission accomplished 	UNK
this is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party . 	UNK
than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films 	UNK
that 's there to scare while we delight in the images 	UNK
bittersweet camaraderie and history 	UNK
all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor . 	UNK
he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic 	UNK
too many characters 	UNK
's something there 	UNK
inside righteousness 	UNK
wittier 	UNK
great yarn 	UNK
provocative stuff 	UNK
it gets the details of its time frame right 	UNK
in spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice . 	UNK
a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck 	UNK
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , 	UNK
suspend your disbelief here and now , 	UNK
nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully 	UNK
sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept 	UNK
recommend it for its originality alone 	UNK
you 're in a slap-happy mood 	UNK
in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema 	UNK
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere . 	UNK
but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights 	UNK
a commanding screen presence 	UNK
are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters 	UNK
like a masterpiece 	UNK
this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson 's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits . 	UNK
all plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out . 	UNK
the plot twists give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed . 	UNK
angry potshots 	UNK
the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson 	UNK
rare documentary 	UNK
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register . 	UNK
unimaginative comedian 	UNK
some real vitality 	UNK
with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles 	UNK
( but none of the sheer lust ) 	UNK
glosses over rafael 's evolution 	UNK
especially with the weak payoff 	UNK
will have an intermittently good time . 	UNK
manages sweetness largely without stickiness 	UNK
is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 	UNK
an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game 	UNK
offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar 	UNK
courageous 	UNK
onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind 	UNK
put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes 	UNK
well-acted 	UNK
found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound . 	UNK
... very funny , very enjoyable ... 	UNK
a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch 	UNK
a beautiful canvas 	UNK
made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars 	UNK
good action , good acting , good dialogue , 	UNK
there 's plenty to offend everyone ... 	UNK
delightful entree 	UNK
so well 	UNK
plotless 	UNK
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors . 	UNK
to be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed . 	UNK
surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . '' 	UNK
recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 	UNK
idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well 	UNK
... the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with . 	UNK
creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical . 	UNK
flat , flat dialogue 	UNK
no real narrative logic 	UNK
humorous . 	UNK
can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them 	UNK
put away the guitar , 	UNK
proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that 	UNK
's also pretty funny 	UNK
if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear . 	UNK
is astounding on any number of levels 	UNK
stays there for the duration 	UNK
impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure 	UNK
a vivid , spicy footnote 	UNK
does n't leave you with much 	UNK
film ' in the worst sense of the expression 	UNK
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ... is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable . 	UNK
, high-adrenaline documentary . 	UNK
are gorgeous and finely detailed 	UNK
has succeeded beyond all expectation . 	UNK
has a rather unique approach to documentary 	UNK
be viewed as pure composition and form -- 	UNK
genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout 	UNK
and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans 	UNK
at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken 	UNK
aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once 	UNK
works its way up 	UNK
to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history 	UNK
the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action , 	UNK
an intriguing story 	UNK
meditative and 	UNK
villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical . 	UNK
paid enough to sit through crap like this 	UNK
a film that has nothing 	UNK
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , 	UNK
none-too-funny commentary 	UNK
... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity . 	UNK
a high enough level 	UNK
rather tired 	UNK
has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else . 	UNK
go where we went 8 movies ago 	UNK
inane ramblings 	UNK
a dream 	UNK
both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations 	UNK
of terrific 	UNK
most of the distance 	UNK
stale first act , scrooge story , 	UNK
ignore 	UNK
the film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths . 	UNK
may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence 	UNK
he just slopped ` em together here 	UNK
vital comic ingredient 	UNK
a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage 	UNK
candy and cheeky 	UNK
a full experience , 	UNK
the same mistake 	UNK
two signs that m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema 	UNK
leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions 	UNK
a painful ride 	UNK
does n't drag an audience down 	UNK
an odd drama 	UNK
the storylines are woven together skilfully 	UNK
shimmering cinematography 	UNK
a rich and full life 	UNK
just plain 	UNK
is effective 	UNK
celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs 	UNK
continues to improve 	UNK
consistent emotional conviction 	UNK
a better thriller 	UNK
film a must for everyone from junior scientists 	UNK
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want . 	UNK
worst thing 	UNK
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller . 	UNK
the dialogue frequently misses the mark 	UNK
-- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- 	UNK
develop her own film language 	UNK
ignite sparks 	UNK
the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits 	UNK
, elusive , yet inexplicably 	UNK
's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly 	UNK
he 's just adjusting 	UNK
welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion 	UNK
poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting 	UNK
a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast 	UNK
to visit , this laboratory of laughter 	UNK
one of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch . 	UNK
a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i 	UNK
it 's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits . 	UNK
every one ( and no one ) 	UNK
shoddy 	UNK
jealous 	UNK
are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed 	UNK
forgets to make it entertaining 	UNK
if also somewhat hermetic . 	UNK
all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment 	UNK
who are enthusiastic about something and then 	UNK
by-the-numbers yarn . 	UNK
this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition . 	UNK
, ( haneke ) steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . 	UNK
hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one 	UNK
amazement 	UNK
old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle 	UNK
admirable reconstruction 	UNK
notorious reputation 	UNK
you thought was going to be really awful 	UNK
legal battle 	UNK
crash-and-bash 	UNK
though clearly well-intentioned 	UNK
his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways 	UNK
walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes . 	UNK
psychologically probing 	UNK
dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 	UNK
is actually one of its strengths 	UNK
death and mind-numbing indifference 	UNK
of a big , tender hug 	UNK
itself -- as well its delightful cast -- 	UNK
it has definite weaknesses 	UNK
racial profiling hollywood style 	UNK
being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema 	UNK
going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera 	UNK
they spend years trying to comprehend it 	UNK
daring and 	UNK
this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . 	UNK
that there is no rest period , no timeout 	UNK
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor 	UNK
way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore 	UNK
is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny . 	UNK
everything is off . 	UNK
an eventual cult classic would be an understatement 	UNK
the best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast . 	UNK
rape and suspected murder 	UNK
can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop 	UNK
is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads . 	UNK
give it considerable punch 	UNK
dialogue , 30 seconds of plot 	UNK
hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie 	UNK
it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun 	UNK
the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers 	UNK
, it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon . 	UNK
composed delivery 	UNK
visual style 	UNK
the real deal 	UNK
cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh . 	UNK
a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ... about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy . 	UNK
it ultimately delivers 	UNK
smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors 	UNK
`` bowling for columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ... 	UNK
shamefully 	UNK
confident 	UNK
, you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence . 	UNK
seems to want to be a character study , but apparently 	UNK
is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish 	UNK
most elusive 	UNK
a hugely enjoyable film 	UNK
is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects . 	UNK
reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . 	UNK
he does display an original talent 	UNK
scream 	UNK
jovial 	UNK
may take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours 	UNK
- worst of all - 	UNK
gentle , lapping rhythms of this film 	UNK
gets full mileage 	UNK
preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor 	UNK
not only does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes . 	UNK
hollywood trap 	UNK
lumpen 	UNK
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising 	UNK
false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices 	UNK
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something . 	UNK
that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises 	UNK
is nonexistent . 	UNK
the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell 	UNK
apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters 	UNK
performances 	UNK
illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey 	UNK
last orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced . 	UNK
following up a delightful , well-crafted family film 	UNK
better movie experience 	UNK
katz 's documentary does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it . 	UNK
be an astronaut 	UNK
( a ) smarter and much funnier version of the old police academy flicks . 	UNK
a gripping drama . 	UNK
slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale 	UNK
undeniably fascinating and playful fellow 	UNK
stand in future years as an eloquent memorial 	UNK
keep my attention 	UNK
should strike a nerve in many . 	UNK
the worst elements of all of them 	UNK
a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington 	UNK
seems to really care 	UNK
well acted by diane lane and richard gere . 	UNK
that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed . 	UNK
... has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story . 	UNK
childlike dimness 	UNK
terrific casting and 	UNK
the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold 	UNK
love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane 	UNK
hymn and a cruel story of youth culture 	UNK
eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot . 	UNK
wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery 	UNK
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing 	UNK
romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present hollywood program . 	UNK
the unfulfilling 	UNK
has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness 	UNK
dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and 	UNK
incorporates so much 	UNK
already-shallow 	UNK
we also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 . 	UNK
as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times 	UNK
it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring 	UNK
is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications 	UNK
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism 	UNK
to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity 	UNK
is corcuera 's attention to detail . 	UNK
has been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise . 	UNK
onto a different path 	UNK
tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah 	UNK
may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence . 	UNK
large cast 	UNK
amounts of beautiful movement and inside information 	UNK
subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other 	UNK
a great cast 	UNK
such superficial treatment 	UNK
admirable storyteller 	UNK
ludicrous 	UNK
it celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . ' 	UNK
sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell 	UNK
deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone 	UNK
limitations 	UNK
about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark 	UNK
meyjes ... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics . 	UNK
the astute direction 	UNK
if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and cliché 	UNK
a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition 	UNK
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic . 	UNK
conservative christian parents 	UNK
has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references . 	UNK
there 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease . 	UNK
ms. phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening . 	UNK
of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale 	UNK
of spectacular belly flops 	UNK
catapulting the artist 	UNK
by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime 	UNK
a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it 	UNK
on its way 	UNK
there 's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance . 	UNK
beautiful , entertaining two hours 	UNK
the edge of your seat , tense with suspense 	UNK
it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome 	UNK
views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point . 	UNK
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations 	UNK
captivates and shows 	UNK
is horrible 	UNK
the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor 	UNK
increasingly disturbed 	UNK
is less about a superficial midlife crisis 	UNK
something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere 	UNK
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp . 	UNK
an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow 	UNK
paper thin 	UNK
that is gorgeously 	UNK
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works 	UNK
, the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son . 	UNK
sprightly 	UNK
it was worth your seven bucks 	UNK
that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category 	UNK
will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man 	UNK
becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . '' 	UNK
it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 	UNK
is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses 	UNK
lilo & stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen 	UNK
repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences 	UNK
it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish 	UNK
in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers 	UNK
has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores 	UNK
you 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy . 	UNK
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and 	UNK
this funny film 	UNK
devoid 	UNK
subtle direction 	UNK
makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans 	UNK
when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air 	UNK
's probably not easy to make such a worthless film 	UNK
is hardly journalism at all 	UNK
gloriously unsubtle 	UNK
in its over-the-top way 	UNK
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller 	UNK
dies . 	UNK
quite fun in places 	UNK
much more successful translation 	UNK
a sentimental mess that never rings true 	UNK
the story and the actors are served with a hack script . 	UNK
, this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted . 	UNK
matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise 	UNK
if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign . 	UNK
is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work . 	UNK
's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet 	UNK
, i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 	UNK
the visual wit of the previous pictures 	UNK
these lives count 	UNK
the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about . 	UNK
he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals 	UNK
an attention 	UNK
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching . 	UNK
has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch 	UNK
sometimes is a brilliant movie . 	UNK
affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 	UNK
rapt spell 	UNK
proves himself a deft pace master and stylist 	UNK
touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty 	UNK
, but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid . 	UNK
hands-on storytelling 	UNK
repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but 	UNK
eighties 	UNK
little room 	UNK
there is n't much to it . 	UNK
that it 's actually watchable 	UNK
dispassionate 	UNK
strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 	UNK
in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . 	UNK
good for this sucker 	UNK
wrapping the theater 	UNK
visual coming right 	UNK
halfwit 	UNK
but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell . 	UNK
slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and 	UNK
gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done 	UNK
the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images 	UNK
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , 	UNK
a well-mounted history lesson 	UNK
works , it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance . 	UNK
a cliché left unsaid 	UNK
is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling . 	UNK
that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead 	UNK
's an energy to y tu mamá también . 	UNK
) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard 	UNK
, ( ahola ) has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation . 	UNK
it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but 	UNK
of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout 	UNK
lots of sloppiness 	UNK
any country 	UNK
there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , 	UNK
what 's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm . 	UNK
its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and the action scenes are poorly delivered . 	UNK
gain the unconditional love she seeks 	UNK
an earnest moment 	UNK
female friendship , 	UNK
, at last count , numbered 52 different versions 	UNK
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling . 	UNK
gets the look and the period trappings right , but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés . 	UNK
from bill plympton , the animation master , 	UNK
the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances 	UNK
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this 	UNK
friday after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans . 	UNK
rouses us 	UNK
the adjective ` gentle ' 	UNK
check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on . 	UNK
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional . 	UNK
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 	UNK
explosive physical energy 	UNK
jovial air 	UNK
urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte 	UNK
cleverly written 	UNK
infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor 	UNK
is as consistently engaging as it is revealing . 	UNK
with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller 	UNK
screen magic 	UNK
deathly 	UNK
liked about schmidt a lot 	UNK
a sensitive and astute 	UNK
shooting 	UNK
may put off insiders and outsiders alike . 	UNK
an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence 	UNK
on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere 	UNK
love and culture 	UNK
confusing melange 	UNK
this dreadfully earnest inversion of the concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension . 	UNK
a golden book sprung to life 	UNK
is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand 	UNK
been given a part worthy of her considerable talents 	UNK
recommend the film 	UNK
weighted down with slow 	UNK
twisted , brilliant and macabre 	UNK
his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality 	UNK
impish 	UNK
good job 	UNK
, you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine . 	UNK
falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film 	UNK
delicate coming-of-age tale 	UNK
animal 	UNK
could be a single iota worse ... 	UNK
like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy 	UNK
charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle 	UNK
compassion , sacrifice , 	UNK
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it 	UNK
ideas and special-interest groups 	UNK
is n't as sharp or as fresh 	UNK
is delicately 	UNK
frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! '' 	UNK
make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable 	UNK
gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior . 	UNK
a strong and confident work 	UNK
in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 	UNK
largely flat and uncreative 	UNK
of almost perpetually wasted characters 	UNK
a tearjerker 	UNK
does all of this , and more 	UNK
surprise family 	UNK
demeaning its subjects 	UNK
raw-nerved story 	UNK
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . ' 	UNK
i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance . 	UNK
excited 	UNK
that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances 	UNK
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and 	UNK
, paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work . 	UNK
a slam-dunk 	UNK
does n't really add up to much 	UNK
wiseman is patient 	UNK
improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end 	UNK
putting together any movies of particular value or merit 	UNK
bang your head on the seat in front of you , 	UNK
i was beginning to hate it 	UNK
cultural and personal self-discovery 	UNK
to be ignored 	UNK
a solidly entertaining little film 	UNK
about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs. robinson complex 	UNK
he 's already done way too often 	UNK
is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	UNK
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny . 	UNK
cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative 	UNK
bisset 	UNK
witty , vibrant , and intelligent 	UNK
opera-ish dialogue 	UNK
cheapo 	UNK
jagged camera moves 	UNK
an absurdly simplistic picture 	UNK
girls , who learns that believing in something does matter 	UNK
it 's not original enough . 	UNK
lina 	UNK
contemptible imitator 	UNK
no amount of nostalgia for carvey 's glory days 	UNK
from the writing and direction to the soggy performances 	UNK
country 	UNK
cinematography and exhilarating 	UNK
bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters . 	UNK
disastrous ending 	UNK
vibrant introduction 	UNK
a critical and commercial disaster 	UNK
mad love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , 	UNK
benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- 	UNK
major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee 	UNK
tremendous skill 	UNK
, the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . 	UNK
straightforward and strikingly devious 	UNK
far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid 	UNK
help but engage an audience 	UNK
one of the greatest films 	UNK
makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison 	UNK
crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment 	UNK
this is a movie you can trust . 	UNK
nails all of orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book 	UNK
sustain a good simmer for most of its running time 	UNK
you 'll probably love it . 	UNK
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking 	UNK
pompous references 	UNK
be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest 	UNK
ambitious comic escapade 	UNK
has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie 	UNK
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , 	UNK
partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless . 	UNK
replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around 	UNK
remain interested , or at least conscious 	UNK
in the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest . 	UNK
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain 	UNK
if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	UNK
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or laugh . 	UNK
it 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller 	UNK
worthwhile glimpse 	UNK
of enthralling drama 	UNK
begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times 	UNK
insufficiently cathartic 	UNK
that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it 	UNK
is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves . 	UNK
, frightening war scenes 	UNK
does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this 	UNK
who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ? 	UNK
a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story 	UNK
the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry . 	UNK
is nearly incoherent , 	UNK
feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community . 	UNK
to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster 	UNK
super 	UNK
enough 	UNK
a thriller , 	UNK
, even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream . 	UNK
has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil . 	UNK
a movie full of grace 	UNK
all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut 	UNK
sloppy 	UNK
too boring and obvious 	UNK
truly egregious lip-non-synching 	UNK
own floundering way 	UNK
join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love 	UNK
deliver a few gut-busting laughs 	UNK
has a great cast and a great idea 	UNK
a flair for dialogue comedy 	UNK
definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with . ' 	UNK
touching as the son 's room 	UNK
lacks balance ... 	UNK
you still have to see this ! 	UNK
it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own 	UNK
zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special 	UNK
that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up 	UNK
what a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is . 	UNK
animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool 	UNK
new , or inventive , 	UNK
two-dimensional and pointless 	UNK
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises 	UNK
by corrupt and hedonistic weasels 	UNK
renewal 	UNK
is suitably elegant 	UNK
been a confusing and horrifying vision 	UNK
superstar 	UNK
with very little story or character 	UNK
presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet . 	UNK
is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann 	UNK
woody , what happened ? 	UNK
was n't one of the film 's virtues 	UNK
an energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up . 	UNK
work -- is charming , is moving 	UNK
good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork . 	UNK
use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d 	UNK
to the phrase ` fatal script error 	UNK
pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie 	UNK
life , 	UNK
, and better 	UNK
i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops 	UNK
full circle 	UNK
honesty 	UNK
sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb . 	UNK
this wild welsh whimsy 	UNK
jaw-dropping 	UNK
goose things up 	UNK
delightful , if minor , pastry 	UNK
recommend it enough 	UNK
a rare window on an artistic collaboration 	UNK
be able to find better entertainment 	UNK
you have to pay if you want to see it 	UNK
could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident 	UNK
in a sea of visual and verbal clichés 	UNK
a thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt 	UNK
dignified 	UNK
loneliness and insecurity 	UNK
definitely worth 95 minutes 	UNK
leaves us laughing 	UNK
although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime . 	UNK
pretty well 	UNK
completely familiar 	UNK
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other john woo flick for that matter 	UNK
was botched in execution 	UNK
a witty , whimsical feature debut . 	UNK
recommend big bad love 	UNK
tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes 	UNK
vastly improved germanic version 	UNK
( unintentionally ) funniest moments 	UNK
is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge . 	UNK
a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill 	UNK
unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . 	UNK
it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered . 	UNK
seem irritatingly transparent 	UNK
this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten . 	UNK
finely cut diamond 	UNK
slick production values and 	UNK
although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel . 	UNK
( reno ) delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion . 	UNK
its own languorous charm 	UNK
, it still works . 	UNK
is disappointingly generic . 	UNK
though their story is predictable 	UNK
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but 	UNK
positive ( if tragic ) 	UNK
paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here 	UNK
is n't much better 	UNK
presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men 	UNK
as possibly the best actor working in movies today 	UNK
boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival . 	UNK
though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation . 	UNK
but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : 	UNK
refreshingly realistic , affectation-free 	UNK
a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant 	UNK
love for the movies of the 1960s 	UNK
although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick 	UNK
'm not 	UNK
as simultaneously funny , offbeat and 	UNK
cgi effects 	UNK
really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn . ' 	UNK
kissing 	UNK
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to 	UNK
, thoroughly involving 	UNK
compelling coming-of-age drama 	UNK
as director of the escort service was inspired 	UNK
too convenient 	UNK
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 	UNK
toolbags 	UNK
happy ! 	UNK
bad idea 	UNK
's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni 	UNK
is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . 	UNK
uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth . 	UNK
in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 	UNK
resolutely unamusing , 	UNK
a lovely and beautifully 	UNK
dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances 	UNK
fast and funny , 	UNK
that 's lived too long 	UNK
heart-string plucking 	UNK
a dreadful day 	UNK
a movie where story is almost an afterthought 	UNK
things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably 	UNK
inescapable past and uncertain future 	UNK
that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion 	UNK
true emotions 	UNK
exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation . 	UNK
is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt 	UNK
a bodice-ripper for intellectuals . 	UNK
finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson 	UNK
flick worthy 	UNK
spectacularly well 	UNK
good b movies 	UNK
an appealing blend 	UNK
possesses its own languorous charm . 	UNK
wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too 	UNK
are both listless 	UNK
pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over 	UNK
personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral 	UNK
a work of entertainment 	UNK
to ultimately disappoint the action 	UNK
is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 	UNK
vincent became more and more abhorrent 	UNK
frustrated 	UNK
that makes michael jordan jealous 	UNK
inexcusable dumb 	UNK
thrown-together feel 	UNK
succeed merrily at their noble endeavor 	UNK
the outer limits of raunch 	UNK
in the wrong hands , i.e. peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable 	UNK
austin powers films 	UNK
she does little here but point at things that explode into flame 	UNK
wearisome 	UNK
saddled 	UNK
for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance 	UNK
their heroic capacity 	UNK
play hannibal lecter 	UNK
punishable by chainsaw 	UNK
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast . 	UNK
visually stunning 	UNK
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama 	UNK
's worse 	UNK
an enormous feeling 	UNK
fast , funny , and even touching story 	UNK
first place 	UNK
gentle and humane 	UNK
seriously dumb characters 	UNK
is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , 	UNK
it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative 	UNK
a genuine mind-bender . 	UNK
overlong and not well-acted , 	UNK
storytelling prowess 	UNK
its elbows sticking out where the knees should be 	UNK
daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails 	UNK
of the most inventive 	UNK
love a joy 	UNK
a terrific b movie 	UNK
cho 's face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots . 	UNK
as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances 	UNK
it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy 	UNK
pg-13 	UNK
its recycled aspects , implausibility 	UNK
is presented with universal appeal 	UNK
pander to our basest desires 	UNK
, its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even . 	UNK
was reportedly rewritten a dozen times 	UNK
our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions 	UNK
no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half . 	UNK
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent 	UNK
it 's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud . 	UNK
is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work . 	UNK
the very hollowness 	UNK
to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic 	UNK
be fruitful 	UNK
does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal . 	UNK
a solid emotional impact 	UNK
moving moments and an intelligent subtlety 	UNK
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore . 	UNK
too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche , no such thing is hartley 's least accessible screed yet . 	UNK
a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe . 	UNK
remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck 	UNK
even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks 	UNK
is the piece works brilliantly 	UNK
is one of the year 's best films 	UNK
tradition and warmth 	UNK
goes for sick and demented humor simply 	UNK
broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 	UNK
` hungry-man portions of bad ' 	UNK
smart , 	UNK
tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic 	UNK
narratively , trouble every day is a plodding mess . 	UNK
as bad at a fraction the budget 	UNK
there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why . 	UNK
some cute moments , funny scenes , 	UNK
the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in ( this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot . 	UNK
had from films crammed with movie references 	UNK
philosophical visual coming right 	UNK
that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed 	UNK
a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and 	UNK
at least three films 	UNK
in truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) . 	UNK
saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops 	UNK
mean-spirited lashing 	UNK
more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display 	UNK
may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . '' 	UNK
delightfully dour 	UNK
in a sense , that 's a liability . 	UNK
be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary 	UNK
elaborate special effects take center screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side . 	UNK
be an honest and loving one 	UNK
endearing about it 	UNK
into a dreary , humorless soap opera 	UNK
who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) 	UNK
in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love 	UNK
a term paper 	UNK
but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense 	UNK
a magnetic performance 	UNK
a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 	UNK
the most wondrous love story 	UNK
journalistic or historical 	UNK
a zombie movie in every sense 	UNK
tackled a meaty subject 	UNK
writer / director m. night shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable . 	UNK
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- 	UNK
seems like someone going through the motions 	UNK
you take for granted in most films are mishandled here . 	UNK
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle ' . 	UNK
's defiantly and delightfully against the grain . 	UNK
like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough 	UNK
been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over 	UNK
spain 	UNK
as an exquisite motion picture in its own right 	UNK
my precious new star wars movie 	UNK
the visceral sensation 	UNK
in a joyous communal festival of rhythm 	UNK
most colorful and controversial 	UNK
is a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same . 	UNK
this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come . 	UNK
the ordeal of sitting through it 	UNK
hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins ' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book . 	UNK
desperately 	UNK
wrong with performances here 	UNK
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time . 	UNK
the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless 	UNK
the audacity to view one of shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion . 	UNK
a fun , no-frills ride 	UNK
running on empty 	UNK
the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking 	UNK
to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier 	UNK
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' 	UNK
becomes a bit of a mishmash 	UNK
a mesmerizing one 	UNK
as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- 	UNK
it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . 	UNK
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ... 	UNK
a good documentary 	UNK
full-bodied characterizations 	UNK
but fun 	UNK
there 's no reason to miss interview with the assassin 	UNK
splendid-looking 	UNK
major acting lessons and 	UNK
hastily and 	UNK
does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences 	UNK
time frame right 	UNK
, incoherent 	UNK
has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . 	UNK
b-movie 	UNK
there 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight , 	UNK
this enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends . 	UNK
is just garbage . 	UNK
jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations 	UNK
an extraordinary film , 	UNK
traffic 	UNK
undernourished and 	UNK
an otherwise excellent film 	UNK
this insane 	UNK
rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance 	UNK
star charisma 	UNK
will have a barrie good time 	UNK
liked a lot of the smaller scenes . 	UNK
a terrible movie that some people 	UNK
's fun , wispy 	UNK
there 's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies . 	UNK
davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy 	UNK
reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully 	UNK
to enjoy 	UNK
most deceptively amusing comedies of the year 	UNK
the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run 	UNK
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences 	UNK
a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship 	UNK
sink into melancholia 	UNK
a smart 	UNK
seems to be coasting . 	UNK
this colorful bio-pic 	UNK
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless 	UNK
lying 	UNK
if you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you 'll need a stronger stomach than us . 	UNK
a sleep-inducing thriller 	UNK
, marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances . 	UNK
wildly fascinating 	UNK
shapeless 	UNK
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different 	UNK
it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life 	UNK
imaginative and successful 	UNK
the star-making machinery 	UNK
of the world 's most fascinating stories 	UNK
deafening 	UNK
second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , 	UNK
four hankies 	UNK
feeling like no other film in recent history 	UNK
grievous 	UNK
symbiotic 	UNK
wo n't be disappointed . 	UNK
of the rollicking dark humor so necessary 	UNK
the death 	UNK
a good thing 	UNK
, it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . 	UNK
the pure adrenalin 	UNK
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down . 	UNK
genuinely funny 	UNK
the comedy was funny 	UNK
... the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material . 	UNK
take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them 	UNK
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director 's experiment is a successful one . 	UNK
... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning . 	UNK
after sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special 	UNK
most daring , and complicated 	UNK
one has nothing else to watch 	UNK
not scary , not smart and not engaging 	UNK
spirit-crushing ennui 	UNK
adultery 	UNK
some of the most inventive 	UNK
poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 	UNK
carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others . 	UNK
evil , monstrous lunatic 	UNK
nothing special and , until the final act , 	UNK
a new , or inventive , journey 	UNK
seem smart and well-crafted 	UNK
fires on all plasma conduits 	UNK
in `` unfaithful 	UNK
the most repugnant adaptation 	UNK
agile performers 	UNK
( cho 's face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots . 	UNK
does dickens as it should be done cinematically 	UNK
becomes a testament 	UNK
desiccated 	UNK
by kevin bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut 	UNK
he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating 	UNK
well-made evocation 	UNK
you must shoot it in the head 	UNK
has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . 	UNK
look american angst in the eye and end up laughing 	UNK
they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot . 	UNK
of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x. 	UNK
can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already . 	UNK
a dull moment 	UNK
uncommitted 	UNK
is still charming here . 	UNK
has never been more charming than in about a boy . 	UNK
offer much more than the series 	UNK
bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain 	UNK
a knowing 	UNK
'' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ... 	UNK
repeating what he 's already done way too often 	UNK
authentic feel 	UNK
absolutely 	UNK
barely interesting 	UNK
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable 	UNK
pacino is the best he 's been in years and keener is marvelous . 	UNK
your face for two hours 	UNK
like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on 	UNK
touches smartly and wistfully 	UNK
honesty and 	UNK
it 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny . 	UNK
cluelessness 	UNK
call the ` wow ' factor 	UNK
astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one . 	UNK
faltering 	UNK
in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 	UNK
that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done 	UNK
powerful act 	UNK
any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile . 	UNK
a grating endurance test 	UNK
the film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots . 	UNK
maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling . 	UNK
heavyweight film 	UNK
's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug . 	UNK
a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation 	UNK
with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance 	UNK
the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing 	UNK
with lots of sloppiness 	UNK
of his passe ' chopsocky glory 	UNK
sheer unbridled delight 	UNK
for on-screen chemistry 	UNK
mass drug-induced bowel 	UNK
the whole talking-animal thing is grisly . 	UNK
a fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending . 	UNK
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma 	UNK
its underventilated père-fils confrontations 	UNK
's a rare window on an artistic collaboration 	UNK
greenlight 	UNK
'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point 	UNK
according to wendigo , ` nature ' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves . 	UNK
salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon . 	UNK
julia roberts wannabe 	UNK
sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but 	UNK
try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment 	UNK
the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie 	UNK
petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and 	UNK
'll feel like you ate a reeses without the peanut butter ... 	UNK
has been overexposed , 	UNK
that he will once again be an honest and loving one 	UNK
is an interesting character 	UNK
keenly observed and refreshingly natural , swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner . 	UNK
so intensely , but with restraint 	UNK
yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction 	UNK
the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 	UNK
has an infectious enthusiasm 	UNK
succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful 	UNK
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) 	UNK
clever , offbeat and 	UNK
fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them 	UNK
is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm 	UNK
have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 	UNK
with poetic force and buoyant feeling 	UNK
most entertaining bonds 	UNK
expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school 	UNK
sane person 	UNK
marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances 	UNK
a goofy pleasure 	UNK
compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction 	UNK
penetrating , 	UNK
a delightful lark 	UNK
while the highly predictable narrative falls short 	UNK
multilayered 	UNK
's fun for kids of any age 	UNK
welcome and heartwarming addition 	UNK
right-wing , propriety-obsessed family 	UNK
pc stability notwithstanding 	UNK
of moral compromise 	UNK
you have no affinity for most of the characters . 	UNK
enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games 	UNK
occasional jarring glimpses 	UNK
will find it more than capable of rewarding them 	UNK
all the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness . 	UNK
the discomfort and embarrassment 	UNK
the horrible pains of a death 	UNK
most notable 	UNK
under the right conditions , it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun 	UNK
bad luck 	UNK
's fun 	UNK
feels at times like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place . 	UNK
that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again 	UNK
both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace 	UNK
big , juicy role 	UNK
loneliest dark spots 	UNK
-- as well its delightful cast -- 	UNK
inspire 	UNK
delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower . 	UNK
run out of gas 	UNK
has kind of an authentic feel 	UNK
to much more than trite observations on the human condition 	UNK
is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing . 	UNK
a predictable outcome and a screenplay 	UNK
kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious . 	UNK
, blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest . 	UNK
believed in their small-budget film 	UNK
this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller 	UNK
it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness . 	UNK
a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise . 	UNK
are too crude to serve the work especially well 	UNK
's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles 	UNK
energetic frontman 	UNK
so sloppily written 	UNK
sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form 	UNK
as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences 	UNK
without placing their parents in a coma-like state 	UNK
from a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times . 	UNK
bring cohesion 	UNK
that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati 	UNK
such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many 	UNK
discreet filmmakers 	UNK
chilling movie 	UNK
clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 	UNK
its good qualities are obscured 	UNK
, the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . 	UNK
this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery 	UNK
completely loveable 	UNK
vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess 	UNK
in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller 	UNK
: the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen 	UNK
after decades 	UNK
much credit 	UNK
tv sitcom material at best 	UNK
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , 	UNK
never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks 	UNK
shrill and 	UNK
has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past 	UNK
an inexperienced director , 	UNK
at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes 	UNK
keep you watching , 	UNK
what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in 	UNK
a lousy one at that 	UNK
does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration 	UNK
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , 	UNK
refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm 	UNK
for its profound humanity 	UNK
as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming 	UNK
but the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure . 	UNK
refusal to recognize any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map 	UNK
the man from elysian fields is doomed by its smallness 	UNK
, every bit as imperious as katzenberg 's the prince of egypt from 1998 . 	UNK
are just two of the elements that will grab you . 	UNK
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair 	UNK
heartfelt and hilarious 	UNK
you reach the finale 	UNK
easily marketable 	UNK
if anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans . 	UNK
churn out one mediocre movie 	UNK
overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary . 	UNK
reading lines from a teleprompter 	UNK
this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , despite a few whopping shootouts . 	UNK
its oscar nomination 	UNK
characteristically engorged 	UNK
the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody . 	UNK
's fun , wispy , 	UNK
for all its problems ... the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience . 	UNK
replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy 	UNK
complex and honest 	UNK
uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave 	UNK
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels . 	UNK
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... 	UNK
an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything 	UNK
dumb comedy 	UNK
there 's absolutely no reason why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is 	UNK
drudgery 	UNK
stripped almost entirely 	UNK
despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving 	UNK
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest 	UNK
rowdy slapstick 	UNK
that rarity among sequels 	UNK
torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera 	UNK
the film , flaws and 	UNK
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : 	UNK
is marveilleux . 	UNK
cheered at just that 	UNK
have n't laughed that hard in years ! 	UNK
it has considerable charm . 	UNK
a work of deft and subtle poetry 	UNK
there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film 	UNK
integrating the characters in the foreground 	UNK
offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life . 	UNK
as the movie sputters 	UNK
embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy 	UNK
manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience 	UNK
hit-man 	UNK
an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie 	UNK
approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise 	UNK
is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you 	UNK
is like being trapped at a bad rock concert 	UNK
the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 	UNK
texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare 	UNK
a so-called ` comedy ' 	UNK
life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable 	UNK
supposed to be a romantic comedy 	UNK
living mug shots 	UNK
for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm 	UNK
have carved their own comfortable niche in the world 	UNK
first-class road movie 	UNK
collective 	UNK
an electric pencil sharpener 	UNK
loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion 	UNK
wonderful but sometimes confusing 	UNK
if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it . 	UNK
nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them 	UNK
of mindless pace in collision 	UNK
be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this 	UNK
the effort is sincere 	UNK
is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be . 	UNK
the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career 	UNK
works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making 	UNK
the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork . 	UNK
deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip 	UNK
tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written . 	UNK
feels free to offend 	UNK
fresh point 	UNK
a coming-of-age story and 	UNK
disgracefully 	UNK
considerable punch 	UNK
stately sense 	UNK
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and 	UNK
sweet , funny 	UNK
because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl 	UNK
's so downbeat and nearly humorless 	UNK
is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese . 	UNK
sexy and romantic . 	UNK
the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard , 	UNK
's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle 	UNK
bring their characters to life . 	UNK
cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark 's dogma movement . 	UNK
quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls 	UNK
the bigger setpieces flat 	UNK
to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career 	UNK
cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists . 	UNK
need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is . 	UNK
a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties 	UNK
witty updatings ( silver 's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around ) 	UNK
adroit 	UNK
may lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless . 	UNK
's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue 	UNK
the national lampoon film franchise 	UNK
's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do 	UNK
would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful 	UNK
match the ordeal of sitting through it 	UNK
the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy ) 	UNK
fit 	UNK
thoughtless , random , superficial humor and a lot 	UNK
cheapened the artistry of making a film 	UNK
will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael 	UNK
cliches , painful improbability 	UNK
farm melodrama . 	UNK
) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated 	UNK
striking about jolie 's performance 	UNK
waiting for godard can be fruitful : ` in praise of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself . 	UNK
bullock 's memorable first interrogation 	UNK
music videos 	UNK
unique and 	UNK
turn out to be delightfully compatible here 	UNK
action and 	UNK
all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents . 	UNK
its old-hat set-up and predictable plot 	UNK
that is both gripping and compelling 	UNK
clever , 	UNK
veteran 	UNK
tired , 	UNK
is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast 	UNK
no rest period , 	UNK
was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him 	UNK
a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence 	UNK
scratching your head 	UNK
to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once 	UNK
a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity 	UNK
all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment 	UNK
of the biggest disappointments of the year 	UNK
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one 	UNK
a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller 	UNK
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent 	UNK
no charm , no laughs , no fun 	UNK
is all over the place , really 	UNK
a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him 	UNK
bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be . 	UNK
pow 	UNK
what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days 	UNK
thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery 	UNK
( and better 	UNK
a fascinating , dark thriller 	UNK
it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile . 	UNK
still has enough moments to keep it entertaining . 	UNK
big summer movies 	UNK
historically significant , and personal , episode 	UNK
has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies 	UNK
demeaning 	UNK
had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded 	UNK
's simultaneously painful and refreshing 	UNK
bottomlessly 	UNK
's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's 	UNK
effortlessly 	UNK
quirky movie 	UNK
a very good time at the cinema 	UNK
this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years 	UNK
real magic 	UNK
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character -- and 	UNK
, the film does pack some serious suspense . 	UNK
after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock 	UNK
is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , 	UNK
this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming 	UNK
an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama . 	UNK
... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ... 	UNK
when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year 	UNK
supposedly funny movie 	UNK
in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium 	UNK
recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time 	UNK
` life affirming ' 	UNK
is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that 	UNK
masochistic moviegoers 	UNK
that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 	UNK
, and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending 	UNK
easily dismissive 	UNK
mind crappy movies 	UNK
is n't always coherent 	UNK
whose charms are immediately apparent 	UNK
hackneyed and meanspirited storyline 	UNK
penetrating , impenetrable 	UNK
a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy . 	UNK
add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments . 	UNK
's good-natured and sometimes quite funny 	UNK
a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music 	UNK
offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them . 	UNK
clever and subtle 	UNK
a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design 	UNK
understand everyone 's point of view 	UNK
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but 	UNK
through this film 	UNK
imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie 	UNK
mindless action movie 	UNK
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult 	UNK
quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins 	UNK
the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament 	UNK
even as it points out how inseparable the two are 	UNK
provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies -- 	UNK
the big shear 	UNK
( swimfan ) falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting . 	UNK
the film buzz and whir 	UNK
there 's something there 	UNK
've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane 	UNK
comic skill 	UNK
idiots 	UNK
transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor 	UNK
frantic than involving , 	UNK
big fat liar is a real charmer 	UNK
manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . 	UNK
she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here 	UNK
a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils 	UNK
a crowd-pleaser , but then , so 	UNK
subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph 	UNK
breathtaking adventure 	UNK
photographed and beautifully 	UNK
fantastically vital 	UNK
sodden and glum , even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light . 	UNK
while some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation . 	UNK
its storytelling prowess and special effects 	UNK
idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance 	UNK
slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms 	UNK
a grand picture of an era 	UNK
love , family and 	UNK
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and 	UNK
pleasantly and predictably 	UNK
interesting '' 	UNK
driven by the pathetic idea 	UNK
spreads them pretty thin 	UNK
it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights 	UNK
loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version 	UNK
sweet , charming tale 	UNK
little action , 	UNK
emotionally belittle a cinema classic . 	UNK
real-life happening 	UNK
found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent . 	UNK
a spectacular performance - ahem 	UNK
what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of variety . 	UNK
as i settled into my world war ii memories , i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances . 	UNK
dedicated artists 	UNK
unengaging 	UNK
blimp 	UNK
as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself 	UNK
it 's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth . 	UNK
the best case for christianity 	UNK
pinochet 's victims 	UNK
is lightweight filmmaking , 	UNK
flatula 	UNK
omnibus tradition 	UNK
extremely talented 	UNK
seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame 	UNK
clueless and 	UNK
a good three days 	UNK
wonderful fencing scenes 	UNK
even on its own ludicrous terms , the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series . 	UNK
patronizing 	UNK
only one of the best gay love stories ever made 	UNK
who ca n't quite live up to it 	UNK
a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix 	UNK
the performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life . 	UNK
sanctimonious 	UNK
impossibly 	UNK
is an absolute delight for all audiences 	UNK
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation . 	UNK
fairly straightforward 	UNK
... had this much imagination and nerve 	UNK
wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too . 	UNK
undeniably gorgeous , terminally 	UNK
gentle and humane side 	UNK
sad to say -- 	UNK
does n't quite 	UNK
phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism 	UNK
not very amusing 	UNK
another day of brit cinema 	UNK
of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness 	UNK
even more reassuring 	UNK
the result is more puzzling than unsettling 	UNK
fails to provoke them 	UNK
the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience 	UNK
the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section 	UNK
comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable 	UNK
leaps over national boundaries 	UNK
in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic 	UNK
's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right 	UNK
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness . 	UNK
shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , 	UNK
you 're not deeply touched by this movie 	UNK
who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects 	UNK
greasy little vidgame pit 	UNK
kilt-wearing jackson 	UNK
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility 	UNK
of its actors 	UNK
steals 	UNK
truths emerge . 	UNK
as dumb and cheesy 	UNK
all the more compelling 	UNK
to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us 	UNK
hollow 	UNK
pitch-perfect acting 	UNK
its characters and its audience 	UNK
mind : so why is this so boring ? 	UNK
its empowerment 	UNK
a bland murder-on-campus yawner . 	UNK
pray has really done his subject justice . 	UNK
warn 	UNK
odd but ultimately satisfying blend 	UNK
major-league 	UNK
light , silly , photographed with color and depth , and rather a good time . 	UNK
quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks . 	UNK
a bright future ahead of him 	UNK
to which it succeeds 	UNK
craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison 	UNK
painfully unfunny 	UNK
come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy 	UNK
feels limited by its short running time 	UNK
's just not very smart 	UNK
8 crazy nights 	UNK
needlessly confusing 	UNK
if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities 	UNK
the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent 	UNK
treads old turf 	UNK
a tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more . 	UNK
one of the finest 	UNK
made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby 	UNK
's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience 	UNK
turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need 	UNK
innovative 	UNK
film a must 	UNK
the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids . 	UNK
more spirit and bite 	UNK
passionate enthusiasms 	UNK
enlightened by any of derrida 's 	UNK
this poor remake of such a well loved classic 	UNK
to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching 	UNK
a terrifically entertaining specimen 	UNK
are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary . 	UNK
an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned 	UNK
most famous 	UNK
's easy to love robin tunney 	UNK
most pitiful 	UNK
vastly entertaining 	UNK
its mind 	UNK
dislikable study in sociopathy 	UNK
give strong and convincing performances 	UNK
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given 	UNK
its star 	UNK
perhaps the grossest movie ever made . 	UNK
but toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again . 	UNK
as bad as you think , 	UNK
the resolutions 	UNK
feels less like a change in ( herzog 's ) personal policy than a half-hearted fluke . 	UNK
reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls . 	UNK
clever and unflinching 	UNK
be the movie you 're looking for 	UNK
its gender politics , genre thrills 	UNK
a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams 	UNK
work up 	UNK
stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection . 	UNK
accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way . 	UNK
take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters . 	UNK
little gem 	UNK
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , 	UNK
an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces 	UNK
a mystery devoid 	UNK
crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album 	UNK
are reflected in almost every scene . 	UNK
it 's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids . 	UNK
you 'll forget about it by monday , though 	UNK
the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness . 	UNK
a listless and desultory affair 	UNK
like mike is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous 	UNK
it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever 	UNK
this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary . 	UNK
a bottom-feeder sequel 	UNK
run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and 	UNK
is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham 	UNK
... has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity . 	UNK
could restage the whole thing in your bathtub . 	UNK
essentially awkward version 	UNK
was reading the minds of the audience 	UNK
the rare movie 	UNK
, it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar . 	UNK
episodic choppiness 	UNK
reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels 	UNK
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema 	UNK
as anything much more 	UNK
it is a copy of a copy of a copy 	UNK
enjoys the friday series 	UNK
undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts 	UNK
one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live 	UNK
the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally . 	UNK
haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange . 	UNK
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but 	UNK
is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny 	UNK
supremely kittenish 	UNK
anemic 	UNK
the end result does no justice to the story itself 	UNK
any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss . 	UNK
do n't avert our eyes for a moment . 	UNK
give life 	UNK
less charming than listening to a four-year-old 	UNK
cohesive story 	UNK
movie-star intensity 	UNK
to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror . 	UNK
nagging 	UNK
an intellectual exercise 	UNK
weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title 	UNK
a place in your heart 	UNK
a devastating comic impersonation 	UNK
that will capture the minds and hearts of many 	UNK
a potent chemistry 	UNK
the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers 	UNK
a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing 	UNK
the sad schlock merchant 	UNK
a disastrous ending 	UNK
a remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive eisenhower era about one suburban woman 's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life . 	UNK
the source material movie 	UNK
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting 	UNK
a riveting story 	UNK
, entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment 	UNK
is why film criticism can be considered work 	UNK
slickest 	UNK
of dreck 	UNK
a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics . 	UNK
attempts to mine laughs 	UNK
lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire . 	UNK
positively 	UNK
a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out 	UNK
highly watchable stuff . 	UNK
that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny 	UNK
mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold . 	UNK
witless , 	UNK
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party . 	UNK
's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative . 	UNK
brazenly misguided project 	UNK
it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects 	UNK
take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time 	UNK
unifying rhythm 	UNK
refreshingly realistic 	UNK
may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 	UNK
an entertaining british hybrid 	UNK
that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time 	UNK
report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement . 	UNK
piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling . 	UNK
she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion 	UNK
forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions 	UNK
dreadfully 	UNK
metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles 	UNK
seem deceptively slight 	UNK
the guys still feels counterproductive 	UNK
life , hand gestures , 	UNK
for people who make movies and watch them 	UNK
the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed 	UNK
splatter 	UNK
of the year 's best 	UNK
bravado kathy ! 	UNK
is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief 	UNK
shenanigans and slapstick 	UNK
not much else 	UNK
this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life . 	UNK
best didacticism 	UNK
whipping out the dirty words 	UNK
's a scorcher . 	UNK
really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons 	UNK
above much of the director 's previous popcorn work 	UNK
the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess . 	UNK
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled 	UNK
, i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni 's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it . 	UNK
misanthropic 	UNK
a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier 	UNK
by a bravura performance 	UNK
permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations 	UNK
arty and jazzy 	UNK
original is its content , look , and style 	UNK
, son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . '' 	UNK
is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little **** 	UNK
in ireland over a man 	UNK
that he refuses to evaluate his own work 	UNK
pity anyone who sees this 	UNK
building to a laugh riot 	UNK
is a copy of a copy of a copy 	UNK
predictably soulless techno-tripe . 	UNK
peevish and 	UNK
so sloppy , so uneven , 	UNK
should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike . 	UNK
the best script that besson has written in years 	UNK
dismiss -- moody , 	UNK
problem 	UNK
that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy 	UNK
a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style 	UNK
may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream 	UNK
up walking out not only satisfied but 	UNK
like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump 	UNK
got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease 	UNK
i could just skip it 	UNK
sixties-style slickness 	UNK
to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle 	UNK
you can taste it , but there 's no fizz 	UNK
( stevens is ) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits . 	UNK
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy 	UNK
koury frighteningly and honestly exposes 	UNK
of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes 	UNK
kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters 	UNK
like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before 	UNK
clever dialogue and likeable characters 	UNK
to entertain or inspire its viewers 	UNK
of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes 	UNK
to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations 	UNK
do n't really care too much about this love story 	UNK
, some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude . 	UNK
all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but 	UNK
worst -- and only -- 	UNK
the toughest ages a kid can go through 	UNK
will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever 	UNK
spielberg 's picture is smarter and subtler than ( total recall and blade runner ) , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences . 	UNK
passion and pretence 	UNK
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago ... has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency . 	UNK
a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you 	UNK
italian pinocchio 	UNK
freaky friday , '' it 's not . 	UNK
... may put off insiders and outsiders alike . 	UNK
yielded such a flat , plodding picture 	UNK
barely shocking , 	UNK
takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel 	UNK
critical and commercial disaster 	UNK
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us 	UNK
that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable 	UNK
an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so 	UNK
you get back to your car in the parking lot 	UNK
is thought-provoking 	UNK
smart , funny 	UNK
the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ? 	UNK
marks to take on any life of its own 	UNK
feral and uncomfortable 	UNK
all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new . 	UNK
's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships 	UNK
comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors . 	UNK
uneven but a lot of fun . 	UNK
how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time 	UNK
, what makes the movie fresh 	UNK
there is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out . 	UNK
guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) 	UNK
astonishing is n't the word -- 	UNK
its recycled aspects , implausibility , and 	UNK
a stiff 	UNK
at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles 	UNK
really a true 	UNK
about the best thing you could say about narc is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture . 	UNK
filled with raw emotions 	UNK
can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell . 	UNK
preserving 	UNK
does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy 	UNK
inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just 	UNK
compassionately portrayed 	UNK
satisfying conclusions 	UNK
is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts . 	UNK
, it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system . 	UNK
is essentially juiceless . 	UNK
is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power 	UNK
founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women . 	UNK
a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other 	UNK
skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen . 	UNK
there 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight , so 	UNK
bad , bad , bad movie 	UNK
have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered 	UNK
a light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation . 	UNK
it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , 	UNK
with music and laughter 	UNK
overmanipulative hollywood practices 	UNK
a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves 	UNK
distinguished and 	UNK
with such fury 	UNK
is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor . 	UNK
herzog simply runs out of ideas 	UNK
drama . 	UNK
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' and 	UNK
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting . 	UNK
naturally funny film 	UNK
should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad . 	UNK
is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend . 	UNK
ugly ideas 	UNK
's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy . 	UNK
you were n't invited to the party 	UNK
animated thoughts 	UNK
ambiguities that make it well worth watching 	UNK
flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror . 	UNK
distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies 	UNK
cool 	UNK
it 's hard not to be carried away 	UNK
be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film 	UNK
surprisingly charming and even witty 	UNK
grotesque 	UNK
almost humdrum approach 	UNK
in an intricate plot 	UNK
both heartbreaking and heartwarming 	UNK
victims 	UNK
its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future 	UNK
even more important 	UNK
big splash 	UNK
is truly funny , 	UNK
surrender $ 9 	UNK
full of detail 	UNK
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero 	UNK
is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny . 	UNK
some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences 	UNK
nothing else happening 	UNK
manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases 	UNK
this well-meaning , beautifully produced film 	UNK
be lying if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow 	UNK
is still worth hearing . 	UNK
preaching message 	UNK
be familiar 	UNK
martin is a masterfully conducted work . 	UNK
to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama 	UNK
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , 	UNK
romantic/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in . 	UNK
is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . 	UNK
by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline 	UNK
, artificial and opaque 	UNK
paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 	UNK
of honest working folk 	UNK
shameless 	UNK
will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . ' 	UNK
more psychotic than romantic 	UNK
solid action pic 	UNK
that it is instead a cheap cliché 	UNK
humorous and heartfelt 	UNK
that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most - the fanboy 	UNK
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and 	UNK
cute factor 	UNK
that this likable movie is n't more accomplished 	UNK
the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke 	UNK
the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese 's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself 	UNK
masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad . 	UNK
liberating ability 	UNK
trademark grin 	UNK
and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated 	UNK
a soulful , incisive meditation 	UNK
soars every bit as high 	UNK
the genuine ones barely register 	UNK
accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough 	UNK
its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick 	UNK
misconceived 	UNK
are the greatest musicians of all time 	UNK
of the long list of renegade-cop tales 	UNK
powerful and moving 	UNK
classic cinema served up with heart and humor 	UNK
the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world 	UNK
makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing . 	UNK
would be a welcome improvement 	UNK
extra-large cotton candy 	UNK
alternative housing options 	UNK
throbbing sincerity 	UNK
like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish . 	UNK
of stupefying absurdity 	UNK
fetishistic violence 	UNK
but boilerplate clichés 	UNK
a thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric ` scream . ' 	UNK
green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment 	UNK
but dull and ankle-deep 	UNK
good sources , 	UNK
profane 	UNK
hollywood satire 	UNK
left me 	UNK
is why i have given it a one-star rating . 	UNK
as it is flawed 	UNK
an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes 	UNK
a summer-camp talent show : hastily written 	UNK
a derivative collection 	UNK
fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and 	UNK
is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos 	UNK
's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast 	UNK
will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot . 	UNK
social and political potential 	UNK
this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful 	UNK
there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys 	UNK
a poem of art , music and metaphor 	UNK
when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned 	UNK
, he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities . 	UNK
freshness , imagination and insight 	UNK
it is disposable . 	UNK
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , 	UNK
is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent . 	UNK
to make a classic theater piece 	UNK
have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted . 	UNK
irresistibly than in ` baran 	UNK
you snore 	UNK
is , also , frequently hilarious 	UNK
jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers . 	UNK
you feel what they feel 	UNK
the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea 	UNK
poignant 	UNK
come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated 	UNK
aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats . 	UNK
so many talented people could participate in such an 	UNK
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , 	UNK
, proves it 's never too late to learn . 	UNK
arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us . 	UNK
in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 	UNK
is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours 	UNK
fascinate me 	UNK
, `` mib ii '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless . 	UNK
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and 	UNK
`` one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? '' 	UNK
, most humane and important holocaust movies ever made . 	UNK
interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story 	UNK
like real life 	UNK
promises 	UNK
a buoyant delivery 	UNK
regret , love , duty and friendship 	UNK
a low-rent retread 	UNK
overstylized 	UNK
must indeed 	UNK
embarrassment . 	UNK
b + 	UNK
a string of exotic locales 	UNK
lurks just below the proceedings and 	UNK
disturbance 	UNK
-- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- 	UNK
look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage 	UNK
get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos . 	UNK
it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end 	UNK
apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen . 	UNK
with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor 	UNK
capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances 	UNK
the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent 	UNK
redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot 	UNK
treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . 	UNK
madonna 's 	UNK
just how bad it was 	UNK
i just did n't care 	UNK
most beautiful , evocative 	UNK
they 're struggling to create . 	UNK
that 's best served cold 	UNK
plummets 	UNK
keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films 	UNK
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold . 	UNK
has a great cast and a great idea . 	UNK
whatever 	UNK
make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images 	UNK
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself ... 	UNK
untalented artistes 	UNK
self-inflicted retaliation 	UNK
silly rather than plausible 	UNK
bad at it is cruel 	UNK
a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock . 	UNK
's leaden and predictable 	UNK
clever credits roll 	UNK
, serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm . 	UNK
travesty 	UNK
of the best movies of the year 	UNK
the talents of its attractive young leads 	UNK
welcome , if downbeat , missive 	UNK
plenty of nudity 	UNK
has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor 	UNK
marveilleux 	UNK
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender 	UNK
the layered richness 	UNK
adrenaline jolt 	UNK
builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy . 	UNK
seen or heard anything quite like this film 	UNK
intimate feeling 	UNK
moments of inspired humor 	UNK
is more complex and honest 	UNK
know it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 	UNK
tears 	UNK
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea 	UNK
fun-for-fun 	UNK
the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable . 	UNK
wildly popular vin diesel 	UNK
remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating 	UNK
greatness 	UNK
that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 	UNK
deliciously slow . 	UNK
into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games 	UNK
takes you by the face 	UNK
anyone who loves both dance and cinema 	UNK
catastrophic collision 	UNK
nair does n't treat the issues lightly . 	UNK
covers this territory with wit and originality , 	UNK
when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant 	UNK
seem smug and cartoonish 	UNK
good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) 	UNK
can easily worm its way into your heart 	UNK
marquis 	UNK
a minor-league soccer remake 	UNK
studio hack 	UNK
the most high-concept sci fi adventures 	UNK
is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression . 	UNK
deceit and murder 	UNK
polished and 	UNK
writer-director david jacobson and 	UNK
becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't . 	UNK
the folks who prepare 	UNK
it is entertaining on an inferior level . 	UNK
silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller 	UNK
contempt 	UNK
uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life 	UNK
as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it 	UNK
go see this delightful comedy 	UNK
a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema 	UNK
if it 's not entirely memorable 	UNK
traffics in tired stereotypes 	UNK
crack cast 	UNK
no chemistry 	UNK
wondrously 	UNK
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and 	UNK
girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and 	UNK
high drama , 	UNK
who normally could n't care less 	UNK
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character 	UNK
is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . 	UNK
also will win you over , in a big way 	UNK
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies 	UNK
it 's a very sincere work , 	UNK
respects the material 	UNK
accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. . 	UNK
is casual and fun 	UNK
a gem 	UNK
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised . 	UNK
plays like one of those conversations that comic book guy on `` the simpsons '' has . 	UNK
while the path may be familiar , first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting . 	UNK
remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing 	UNK
a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch 	UNK
rode the zipper 	UNK
there are lulls 	UNK
seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk 	UNK
does n't give you enough to feel good about . 	UNK
wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie 	UNK
should pay money for what we can get on television for free 	UNK
has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out 	UNK
in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold 	UNK
no worse a film 	UNK
gross-out college comedy 	UNK
provocative piece 	UNK
already mentioned 	UNK
an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular . 	UNK
is a plodding mess . 	UNK
is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains . 	UNK
truly edgy 	UNK
alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight 	UNK
has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures 	UNK
plays like a tired tyco ad 	UNK
more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining . 	UNK
often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction 	UNK
wholesome and subversive 	UNK
a good time with this one too 	UNK
interesting storyline 	UNK
manage to get you under its spell 	UNK
it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers 	UNK
is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin . 	UNK
will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting 	UNK
cleverly constructed 	UNK
no amount of imagination , no creature 	UNK
the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed . 	UNK
it 's too close to real life to make sense 	UNK
the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , 	UNK
's not very good 	UNK
jackson is always watchable . 	UNK
replete with stereotypical familial quandaries 	UNK
it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration . 	UNK
you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy 	UNK
have to see it 	UNK
is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie . 	UNK
seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago . 	UNK
is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year 	UNK
trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . 	UNK
of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written 	UNK
a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action 	UNK
small-budget 	UNK
this amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers ... 	UNK
should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end . 	UNK
, it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered . 	UNK
all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film 	UNK
with a few lingering animated thoughts 	UNK
see the movie 	UNK
an extraordinary film , not least 	UNK
the film more silly than scary 	UNK
an important political documentary 	UNK
miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world 	UNK
unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it is n't much fun . 	UNK
it 's a spirited film and a must-see 	UNK
an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world . 	UNK
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching for decades 	UNK
been developed with more care 	UNK
the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while 	UNK
is n't as funny as it should be 	UNK
no big whoop , 	UNK
is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters 	UNK
it lacks in substance 	UNK
a winning comedy 	UNK
when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck 	UNK
not in a good way 	UNK
failed jokes , twitchy acting , and 	UNK
do not automatically equal laughs 	UNK
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama 	UNK
it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients 	UNK
adequately 	UNK
at least one damn fine horror movie 	UNK
the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects . 	UNK
family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking . 	UNK
's in danger of going wrong 	UNK
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept 	UNK
, this space-based homage to robert louis stevenson 's treasure island fires on all plasma conduits . 	UNK
of lame entertainment 	UNK
do n't fit well together 	UNK
are moments of hilarity to be had . 	UNK
one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made . 	UNK
whole thing 	UNK
sour taste 	UNK
the dorkier aspects 	UNK
provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought 	UNK
based 	UNK
a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse 	UNK
strike a chord with anyone who 's ever 	UNK
our best achievements 	UNK
, is extraordinary . 	UNK
extremely bad 	UNK
comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy . 	UNK
that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters 	UNK
's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest 	UNK
action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering 	UNK
a hokey piece of nonsense 	UNK
mesmerizing cinematic poem 	UNK
listless sci-fi 	UNK
subtle and visceral 	UNK
the problematic characters 	UNK
rather than real figures 	UNK
a real writer plot 	UNK
the main story ... is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish . 	UNK
faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original 	UNK
are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style 	UNK
fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers . 	UNK
i have to put up with 146 minutes of it 	UNK
the obnoxious title character 	UNK
childhood imagination 	UNK
brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history 	UNK
parody . 	UNK
it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep 	UNK
sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed 	UNK
spoofs 	UNK
enjoyable above average summer diversion 	UNK
you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor 	UNK
, then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years . 	UNK
the screenplay by james eric , james horton and director peter o'fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt . 	UNK
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , i would go back and choose to skip it . 	UNK
takes itself all too seriously 	UNK
hmmm ... might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ? 	UNK
story to show us why it 's compelling 	UNK
see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out 	UNK
of visual charm 	UNK
hard-driving 	UNK
confessions is n't always coherent 	UNK
the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas 	UNK
it ca n't be dismissed as mindless 	UNK
thoughtless , random , superficial humor 	UNK
meandering , and sometimes dry 	UNK
likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses 	UNK
a comedic context 	UNK
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent 	UNK
try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde . 	UNK
bluto blutarsky , we miss you . 	UNK
are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents 	UNK
likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise 	UNK
feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism 	UNK
into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style 	UNK
the all-french cast is marveilleux . 	UNK
the worst film 	UNK
holds up 	UNK
an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it . 	UNK
, it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message 	UNK
its emotional power and moments of revelation 	UNK
for something entertaining 	UNK
derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow . 	UNK
wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy 	UNK
rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust . 	UNK
( breheny 's ) lensing 	UNK
soap opera-ish story 	UNK
of having been slimed in the name of high art 	UNK
be funny , uplifting and moving 	UNK
recommended 	UNK
degenerates into hogwash . 	UNK
seems little different 	UNK
a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese . 	UNK
with some glimpses of nature and family warmth 	UNK
improbable 	UNK
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy 	UNK
being a total rehash 	UNK
succeeds 	UNK
what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective 	UNK
well-deserved 	UNK
a greater knowledge 	UNK
a great 	UNK
the overall experience is awesome 	UNK
are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series 	UNK
the excruciating end 	UNK
a well-put-together piece 	UNK
the culture clash comedies 	UNK
of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making 	UNK
a retread story , bad writing 	UNK
its logical loopholes , 	UNK
a serious exploration 	UNK
a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten 	UNK
, like its title character , is repellantly out of control . 	UNK
like trying to eat brussels sprouts 	UNK
animation master 	UNK
one of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it 	UNK
spontaneous intimacy 	UNK
acted , quietly affecting cop drama 	UNK
the exotic world 	UNK
its charms and its funny moments 	UNK
as fresh or enjoyable 	UNK
which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	UNK
and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception . 	UNK
be relegated to a dark video store corner 	UNK
chuckle 	UNK
bad day 	UNK
of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party 	UNK
unique niche 	UNK
this new zealand coming-of-age movie is n't really about anything . 	UNK
endlessly 	UNK
were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn 	UNK
some outrageously creative action in the transporter 	UNK
hollywood kids 	UNK
grave for youngsters 	UNK
paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	UNK
boring , pretentious 	UNK
, it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one . 	UNK
revisionist 	UNK
a finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere . 	UNK
smart-aleck movie 	UNK
down-to-earth 	UNK
is a verbal duel between two gifted performers . 	UNK
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age 	UNK
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but 	UNK
mr. scorsese 's bravery and integrity 	UNK
by a noticeable lack of pace 	UNK
carry the film with their charisma 	UNK
the fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme 's good films does n't bode well for the rest of it . 	UNK
at least during their '70s heyday 	UNK
most original 	UNK
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest 	UNK
as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects 	UNK
has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen . 	UNK
can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere 	UNK
more mindless 	UNK
his work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories . 	UNK
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... 	UNK
the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves . 	UNK
lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve 	UNK
pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 	UNK
is an all-time low for kevin costner . 	UNK
clever concept 	UNK
the sum 	UNK
with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue 	UNK
of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries 	UNK
a visually masterful work of quiet power 	UNK
fascinating and playful 	UNK
is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd 	UNK
pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances 	UNK
an extremely unpleasant film 	UNK
in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby 	UNK
often food-spittingly 	UNK
succeed at cheapening it 	UNK
ice age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up . 	UNK
hardly seems worth the effort . 	UNK
( a ) crushing disappointment 	UNK
offering an original 	UNK
an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing 	UNK
attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern 	UNK
this poor remake 	UNK
bland hotels , highways , parking lots 	UNK
of veracity and narrative grace 	UNK
money-oriented 	UNK
hugely rewarding experience 	UNK
destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage 	UNK
it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men 	UNK
, and dramatically moving 	UNK
a serious contender 	UNK
, those rejected must have been astronomically bad 	UNK
immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth . 	UNK
surprising winner 	UNK
that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy 	UNK
this disappointed by a movie in a long time 	UNK
hate this one 	UNK
of cute animals and clumsy people 	UNK
technically and artistically inept . 	UNK
in cynicism every bit 	UNK
a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office 	UNK
give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works . 	UNK
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place 	UNK
tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 	UNK
has n't much more to serve than silly fluff 	UNK
it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor 	UNK
a hit - 	UNK
outdoes its spectacle 	UNK
one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact . 	UNK
's also nice to see a movie with its heart 	UNK
brisk hack job 	UNK
... the plot weaves us into a complex web . 	UNK
it fascinating 	UNK
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from 	UNK
fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat 	UNK
raw emotions 	UNK
in thick clouds of denial 	UNK
is one of the greatest date movies in years 	UNK
educates 	UNK
and con , for adults 	UNK
is disgusting to begin with 	UNK
most audacious , 	UNK
sucks you in 	UNK
with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy 	UNK
marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary . 	UNK
that it 's boring 	UNK
an accomplished actress 	UNK
encouraging effort 	UNK
that 's shapeless and uninflected 	UNK
shot on ugly digital video . 	UNK
the more problematic aspects 	UNK
is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . 	UNK
, it is a failure . 	UNK
intricate magic 	UNK
goes down easy 	UNK
otherwise appalling , and 	UNK
fairly trite narrative 	UNK
has all the actors reaching for the back row 	UNK
director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap 	UNK
hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is 	UNK
gay-niche condescension 	UNK
hate it because it 's lousy . 	UNK
understated performances of ( jack nicholson 's ) career 	UNK
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... 	UNK
much like a fragment of an underdone potato 	UNK
jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set 	UNK
a distinguished and thoughtful film 	UNK
at the end , when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . 	UNK
a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking . 	UNK
clever ideas 	UNK
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises . 	UNK
director george hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries 	UNK
an artist who is simply tired 	UNK
is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke 	UNK
exit 	UNK
kong master john woo 	UNK
would n't have the guts to make . 	UNK
attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off 	UNK
insult the intelligence of everyone 	UNK
was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man 	UNK
dazzling , remarkably unpretentious 	UNK
remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced 	UNK
curiously stylized 	UNK
the odd enjoyably chewy lump 	UNK
a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment 	UNK
a deep bow 	UNK
a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments 	UNK
drains 	UNK
in what is essentially an extended soap opera 	UNK
liked sometimes 	UNK
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , 	UNK
inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry 	UNK
that is part biography , part entertainment and part history 	UNK
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry 	UNK
the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen 	UNK
lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter . 	UNK
's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish 	UNK
utter loss personified in the film 's simple title 	UNK
that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it 	UNK
deeply absorbing piece 	UNK
is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll 	UNK
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both . 	UNK
hideously 	UNK
leave 	UNK
dickens ' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction 	UNK
mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes 	UNK
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time 	UNK
incredibly dated and unfunny 	UNK
audacious ambitions 	UNK
hard-won 	UNK
plotless 	UNK
the film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama . 	UNK
who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate 	UNK
loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness 	UNK
low rent from frame one . 	UNK
in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes 	UNK
whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen . 	UNK
so downbeat and 	UNK
simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship . 	UNK
play their roles with vibrant charm 	UNK
is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating . 	UNK
bad seeds 	UNK
immensely ambitious 	UNK
in this dreary mess 	UNK
's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action . 	UNK
come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell 	UNK
ideally 	UNK
delightful surprise 	UNK
being exciting 	UNK
betrayal , deceit and murder 	UNK
with all the usual spielberg flair 	UNK
actually has something interesting to say 	UNK
brosnan is more feral in this film than i 've seen him before 	UNK
like life on the island 	UNK
there 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream . 	UNK
are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk 	UNK
he drags it back , single-handed . 	UNK
whose achievements -- and complexities -- 	UNK
too bad 	UNK
its limit to sustain a laugh 	UNK
a cruel story 	UNK
in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties 	UNK
most purely enjoyable and satisfying 	UNK
to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again 	UNK
fiercely intelligent 	UNK
from squirming in their seats 	UNK
about sex gags and prom dates 	UNK
give credit to everyone from robinson 	UNK
have a barrie good time 	UNK
are both excellent 	UNK
are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it 	UNK
hungry-man portions of bad 	UNK
it feels more forced than usual . 	UNK
literal 	UNK
the rueful , wry humor 	UNK
has cheapened the artistry of making a film 	UNK
a vehicle to savor binoche 's skill 	UNK
to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life 	UNK
hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . 	UNK
sadly , full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante . 	UNK
as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study 	UNK
improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor 	UNK
just lapses into unhidden british 	UNK
once subtle and visceral 	UNK
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing 	UNK
farce 	UNK
sometimes beautiful 	UNK
les 	UNK
in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles 	UNK
that is actually funny without hitting below the belt 	UNK
a gushy episode of `` m * a * s * h '' only this time from an asian perspective . 	UNK
waiting for frida to just die already 	UNK
a charmer from belgium 	UNK
fabulously 	UNK
equals the original 	UNK
have one saving grace 	UNK
injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater 	UNK
good , 	UNK
virtue 	UNK
stealing harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor . 	UNK
a solid pedigree 	UNK
the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up 	UNK
gimmick 	UNK
, in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , 	UNK
terror 	UNK
cleverness 	UNK
crippled children 	UNK
slack execution 	UNK
is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . 	UNK
this is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography . 	UNK
a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film 	UNK
of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought 	UNK
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era 	UNK
more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance . 	UNK
become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking 	UNK
go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 	UNK
where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits 	UNK
, intricate magic 	UNK
is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies 	UNK
some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan '' 	UNK
offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere . 	UNK
a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick 	UNK
if you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ?!? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie . 	UNK
on crummy-looking videotape 	UNK
erotically frank 	UNK
less-compelling 	UNK
a breadth of vision and 	UNK
was any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body 	UNK
curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget 	UNK
're simply not funny performers 	UNK
which also seems to play on a 10-year delay 	UNK
that makes the formula fresh again 	UNK
playfully profound ... and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery 	UNK
scott 's convincing portrayal 	UNK
attempts , in vain , 	UNK
make `` the good girl '' a film worth watching . 	UNK
subtle 	UNK
he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie 	UNK
as rude and profane as ever , 	UNK
impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' 	UNK
's easy to like and always leaves us laughing 	UNK
's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking 	UNK
a spielberg trademark 	UNK
is such a blip on the year 's radar screen 	UNK
realized through clever makeup design , 	UNK
funny popcorn 	UNK
cut their losses 	UNK
the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry 	UNK
if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions 	UNK
the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating 	UNK
the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding 	UNK
a failure 	UNK
justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival 	UNK
uses grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos 	UNK
served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it 	UNK
a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective 	UNK
, most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years . 	UNK
have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but 	UNK
a little weak -- and it is n't that funny . 	UNK
illness 	UNK
colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill . 	UNK
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets 	UNK
better thriller 	UNK
powerful , chilling , and affecting study 	UNK
like a quickie tv special than a feature film 	UNK
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see . 	UNK
still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences . 	UNK
to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience 	UNK
more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers 	UNK
trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull 	UNK
reaffirms life 	UNK
a pretentious mess ... 	UNK
ii experience 	UNK
watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes 	UNK
clichés and a dim 	UNK
stress-reducing 	UNK
that 's hard to resist 	UNK
an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it 	UNK
entertaining and moving 	UNK
's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters 	UNK
is a tale worth catching 	UNK
a condition only the old are privy to 	UNK
gunfight 	UNK
the excesses of writer-director roger avary 	UNK
relied too much 	UNK
a noble failure . 	UNK
certainly does n't disappoint . 	UNK
treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film 	UNK
aids 	UNK
techno-tripe 	UNK
genuine mind-bender . 	UNK
bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival 	UNK
should get a pink slip 	UNK
's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics . 	UNK
elegant and 	UNK
the best thing i can say about this film is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next . 	UNK
entertained by the sight of someone 	UNK
a wet burlap sack of gloom 	UNK
a drag 	UNK
for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film 	UNK
loved 	UNK
a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what 	UNK
at its cluelessness 	UNK
clever and very satisfying 	UNK
a rollicking 	UNK
heroic deserves a look 	UNK
typical late-twenty-somethings natter 	UNK
after one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here 	UNK
beyond all expectation 	UNK
to confront their problems openly 	UNK
elegant wit and artifice 	UNK
bludgeoning the audience 	UNK
tragic ) 	UNK
this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short . 	UNK
overblown 	UNK
but it 's also disappointing to a certain degree . 	UNK
the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . 	UNK
unifying 	UNK
pascale bailly 's rom-com provides amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest . 	UNK
does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful 	UNK
he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy 	UNK
b-movie you 	UNK
is such that the movie does not do them justice 	UNK
blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves 	UNK
red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller . 	UNK
audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling . 	UNK
actually exploiting it yourself 	UNK
dead-end existence 	UNK
via kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance 	UNK
, while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 	UNK
this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and 	UNK
fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching 	UNK
a very distinctive sensibility 	UNK
also looking cheap 	UNK
, the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs . 	UNK
recharged 	UNK
a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach 	UNK
find comfort in familiarity 	UNK
a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise 	UNK
her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic 	UNK
astringent wit 	UNK
we all ca n't stand 	UNK
a frightening and compelling ` what if 	UNK
inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic 	UNK
what a concept 	UNK
lyrical and celebratory vision 	UNK
excessively quirky 	UNK
intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation 	UNK
with a screenplay to die for 	UNK
shining 	UNK
making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative 	UNK
attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one 	UNK
wan na watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? 	UNK
shoestring and unevenly 	UNK
've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 	UNK
any thinking person is bound to appreciate 	UNK
is too bad 	UNK
what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points . 	UNK
is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed 	UNK
the grease 	UNK
a been-there , done-that sameness 	UNK
quiet , confident craftsmanship 	UNK
laughs -- 	UNK
music fans 	UNK
is a remarkably accessible and haunting film . 	UNK
tequila bender 	UNK
rank with its worthy predecessors 	UNK
'll be rewarded with some fine acting 	UNK
high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd . 	UNK
great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex . 	UNK
a powerfully evocative mood 	UNK
everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings 	UNK
the real triumphs in igby 	UNK
the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man 	UNK
just dreadful . 	UNK
oo many of these gross out scenes ... 	UNK
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity . 	UNK
plots that never quite gel 	UNK
hellish 	UNK
infrequently breathtaking 	UNK
the movie is silly beyond comprehension 	UNK
one of the most interesting writer/directors 	UNK
elevates the experience to a more mythic level 	UNK
danny huston gives ) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk . 	UNK
win you over 	UNK
is a work of outstanding originality 	UNK
's a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film 	UNK
sad nonsense 	UNK
there 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy . 	UNK
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great . 	UNK
utterly forgettable 	UNK
a powerful sequel 	UNK
at some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . 	UNK
something to be fully forgotten 	UNK
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , 	UNK
, ivan is a prince of a fellow 	UNK
to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests 	UNK
his sentimental journey 	UNK
a powerful , naturally dramatic piece 	UNK
more charming than in about a boy 	UNK
's episode of behind the music 	UNK
it 's a loathsome movie 	UNK
does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself 	UNK
a witty , whimsical feature debut 	UNK
too great 	UNK
as a seven rip-off 	UNK
leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing . 	UNK
of the best war movies ever made 	UNK
you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions . 	UNK
in the very top rank of french filmmakers 	UNK
the humor and humanity of monsoon wedding are in perfect balance . 	UNK
into the complexities of the middle east struggle and 	UNK
a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare . 	UNK
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and 	UNK
of a cesspool 	UNK
adventure and song 	UNK
stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation . 	UNK
soulful 	UNK
lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy . 	UNK
like a party 	UNK
do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth 	UNK
nothing special and , until the final act , nothing 	UNK
falls far short of poetry 	UNK
creepy and dead-on 	UNK
insanely hilarious ! 	UNK
is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon 	UNK
sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing 	UNK
scratching your head than hiding under your seat 	UNK
delicious crime drama 	UNK
grating and tedious 	UNK
instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid 	UNK
an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship . 	UNK
dull 	UNK
plainly dull 	UNK
crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls . 	UNK
comes across as a fairly weak retooling 	UNK
'll need a stronger stomach than us 	UNK
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale 	UNK
that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country 	UNK
the energetic frontman 	UNK
that the highest power of all is the power of love 	UNK
yawn-provoking 	UNK
( f ) rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . 	UNK
, there are great rewards here . 	UNK
unable 	UNK
lady 	UNK
's a pity that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition 	UNK
stunningly unoriginal 	UNK
see who can out-bad-act the other 	UNK
carries you 	UNK
it all plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out . 	UNK
historically significant , and personal 	UNK
too easily 	UNK
a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore . 	UNK
state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful . 	UNK
she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew . 	UNK
while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters 	UNK
it 's good enough for our girls 	UNK
fantastic visual trope 	UNK
the material seem genuine rather than pandering 	UNK
ravishing , baroque beauty 	UNK
as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program 	UNK
spiffy bluescreen technique and 	UNK
may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , 	UNK
capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries 	UNK
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story 	UNK
good-naturedly cornball sequel . 	UNK
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there 's very little hustling on view 	UNK
is the best star trek movie in a long time 	UNK
loses what made you love it 	UNK
straight from the ages 	UNK
compassion , 	UNK
the positive change in tone 	UNK
an assurance worthy 	UNK
as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , 	UNK
rude black comedy 	UNK
acted offbeat thriller 	UNK
you 'll still be glued to the screen . 	UNK
( and lovely ) 	UNK
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music 	UNK
cast , but never quite gets off the ground 	UNK
to my great pleasure 	UNK
with depth 	UNK
less-is-more 	UNK
a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit 	UNK
with remarkable skill 	UNK
totally lacking 	UNK
laudable in themselves 	UNK
succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work 	UNK
a sketchy work-in-progress 	UNK
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim 	UNK
entertaining ride 	UNK
's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater 	UNK
rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it 	UNK
watered-down 	UNK
shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . ' 	UNK
a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own 	UNK
boyd 's screenplay ( co-written with guardian hack nick davies ) has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon . 	UNK
very attractive about this movie 	UNK
through worn-out material 	UNK
with the delight of discovery 	UNK
sweet , even delectable diversion 	UNK
genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen 	UNK
sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up 	UNK
the most original american productions 	UNK
an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' . 	UNK
payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box . 	UNK
the genius of the work 	UNK
truly terrible 	UNK
painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people 	UNK
presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and 	UNK
merits 	UNK
has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and 	UNK
the film 's sopranos gags 	UNK
incompetent 	UNK
soullessness 	UNK
robin tunney 	UNK
the closest thing to the experience of space travel 	UNK
is nevertheless compelling 	UNK
fine , focused 	UNK
the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining . 	UNK
to honor the many faceless victims 	UNK
a movie star 	UNK
of the charm of satin rouge 	UNK
an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece 	UNK
ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters 	UNK
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage 	UNK
is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care . 	UNK
with an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera 	UNK
us love it , too . 	UNK
the effort is sincere and 	UNK
badly edited , 91-minute trailer 	UNK
'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie 	UNK
infatuation 	UNK
in imax in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen . 	UNK
rather routine 	UNK
no interesting concept 	UNK
deep feeling 	UNK
are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one 	UNK
` ron seal the deal 	UNK
try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but 	UNK
so downbeat 	UNK
`` shock humor '' will wear thin on all 	UNK
a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected 	UNK
fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill 	UNK
disgracefully written dialogue 	UNK
thought-provoking and 	UNK
endless 	UNK
most memorable 	UNK
keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming 	UNK
with tremendous promise 	UNK
riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder 	UNK
gently 	UNK
poetic , 	UNK
earnest dramaturgy 	UNK
a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn 	UNK
eloquence , spiritual challenge 	UNK
a fascinating 	UNK
overexposed 	UNK
a stab at soccer hooliganism 	UNK
something wholly original 	UNK
sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment 	UNK
vibrant and intoxicating fashion 	UNK
has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation 	UNK
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , 	UNK
there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability . 	UNK
, it 's not very good either . 	UNK
like a tarantino movie with heart 	UNK
this silly little puddle of a movie 	UNK
men of marginal intelligence 	UNK
so boring 	UNK
you feel alive - which is what they did 	UNK
boring talking heads , etc . 	UNK
captivating drama 	UNK
skip the film 	UNK
the flawed support structure 	UNK
a tone poem of transgression . 	UNK
lazy material 	UNK
captivates as it 	UNK
talented director 	UNK
wonderfully sprawling 	UNK
a fairly slow paced 	UNK
jonathan parker 's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films . 	UNK
has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . 	UNK
particularly original 	UNK
be the end of the world 	UNK
his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum 	UNK
execrable . 	UNK
perhaps the grossest movie 	UNK
sentimentalizing 	UNK
appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept 	UNK
you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater 	UNK
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team ... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote . 	UNK
of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence 	UNK
those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one 	UNK
strong erotic 	UNK
to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen 	UNK
than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter 	UNK
willing to have fun with it 	UNK
is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan . 	UNK
an admirable , sometimes exceptional film 	UNK
most of his budget 	UNK
on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior 	UNK
the opulent lushness of every scene 	UNK
disposable story 	UNK
as splendid-looking as this particular film 	UNK
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo 	UNK
won -- and 	UNK
nice evening out 	UNK
's as entertaining as it is instructive 	UNK
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery 	UNK
enter and accept another world 	UNK
replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo 	UNK
some very good acting , dialogue , 	UNK
as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice 	UNK
`` mr. deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . 	UNK
blue crush is as predictable as the tides . 	UNK
as plain and pedestrian as catsup 	UNK
ambitious failure 	UNK
five hours long 	UNK
is like reading a research paper 	UNK
fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket . 	UNK
mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good 	UNK
even if you 've seen `` stomp '' ( the stage show ) , you still have to see this ! 	UNK
, the movie is powerful and provocative . 	UNK
( it 's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . 	UNK
thrusts the audience 	UNK
underwhelming 	UNK
we all lose track of ourselves by trying 	UNK
folks , it does n't work . 	UNK
enter 	UNK
is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype . 	UNK
sobering cautionary tale 	UNK
breathtakingly spectacular 	UNK
this 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material . 	UNK
the brilliant surfing photography 	UNK
margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken . 	UNK
vibrant charm 	UNK
seagal ran out of movies years ago , 	UNK
that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable 	UNK
the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 	UNK
plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel . 	UNK
on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms 	UNK
an ugly , pointless , stupid movie 	UNK
the powerpuff girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact . 	UNK
sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act 	UNK
an engaging storyline 	UNK
as timely as tomorrow 	UNK
as entertainment 	UNK
is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue 	UNK
unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing 	UNK
creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters 	UNK
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , 	UNK
flourish 	UNK
better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift . 	UNK
good actors 	UNK
beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images . 	UNK
the gallic ` tradition of quality 	UNK
so short 	UNK
of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys 	UNK
the most awful acts 	UNK
sinks to a harrison ford low . 	UNK
manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar . 	UNK
eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life . 	UNK
the term epic cinema 	UNK
never becomes claustrophobic 	UNK
unbearably dull 	UNK
sane and healthy 	UNK
report that it is instead a cheap cliché 	UNK
is painterly . 	UNK
shakespeare 's macbeth 	UNK
their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own 	UNK
quite admirable 	UNK
introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , 	UNK
takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving 	UNK
talented writer/director anderson 	UNK
none of the visual wit of the previous pictures 	UNK
in full consciousness 	UNK
will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half 	UNK
creeps into your heart . 	UNK
the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools 	UNK
engaging charisma 	UNK
queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame 	UNK
a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message 	UNK
unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs . 	UNK
is a trove of delights 	UNK
it is nevertheless compelling 	UNK
delight in the images 	UNK
this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes 	UNK
of your seat , tense with suspense 	UNK
, tender hug 	UNK
from a groundbreaking endeavor 	UNK
going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend 	UNK
to little more than punishment 	UNK
geared 	UNK
there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' but 	UNK
, the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience . 	UNK
it 's sweet . 	UNK
a sad and rote exercise 	UNK
bilingual charmer 	UNK
of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own 	UNK
it 's a lousy one at that . 	UNK
get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 	UNK
imaginative through out 	UNK
jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder . 	UNK
offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else 	UNK
never feels draggy 	UNK
for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd 	UNK
a fascinating case study 	UNK
been remarkable 	UNK
a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart 	UNK
have a whale of a good time 	UNK
seem to get a coherent rhythm going 	UNK
gender-bending comedy 	UNK
than the real thing 	UNK
captured the chaos of an urban conflagration 	UNK
unbelievably stupid 	UNK
long , dull procession 	UNK
, really , really good things can come in enormous packages 	UNK
great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience . 	UNK
juicy role 	UNK
with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering 	UNK
it might just be the movie you 're looking for . 	UNK
for no one 	UNK
asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country 	UNK
the same love story 	UNK
utter tripe 	UNK
bland hotels 	UNK
the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them . 	UNK
finally transporting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films 	UNK
the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters . 	UNK
, shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor . 	UNK
've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane . 	UNK
captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction 	UNK
good as the original 	UNK
genuine and singular artist 	UNK
has made its way into your very bloodstream 	UNK
tedium 	UNK
'd watch these two together again in a new york minute 	UNK
ambitious ` 	UNK
it 's so lackluster 	UNK
julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent . 	UNK
may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black . 	UNK
a really funny movie 	UNK
imagine acting that could be any flatter 	UNK
ago 	UNK
a man in drag is not in and of himself funny 	UNK
worthy and 	UNK
the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours 	UNK
a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches . 	UNK
that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday 	UNK
is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand . 	UNK
to look at or understand 	UNK
one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work . 	UNK
to fully endear itself to american art house audiences 	UNK
those prone to indignation need not apply ; 	UNK
visually fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty . 	UNK
that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary 	UNK
starts out like a typical bible killer story 	UNK
to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene 	UNK
worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees . 	UNK
ineffective 	UNK
lush , swooning melodrama 	UNK
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short 	UNK
's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . 	UNK
tried-and-true 	UNK
of sensitive observation 	UNK
cathartic 	UNK
frittered away 	UNK
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , 	UNK
too amateurish and 	UNK
, they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds . 	UNK
humor , warmth , and intelligence 	UNK
is lacking any real emotional impact 	UNK
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` 	UNK
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale . 	UNK
its visual panache 	UNK
i 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen . 	UNK
no discernible feeling 	UNK
beauty or humor 	UNK
cold , gray 	UNK
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded . 	UNK
is interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side 	UNK
ultimately empty 	UNK
to champion the fallibility of the human heart 	UNK
surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot 	UNK
is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity 	UNK
quiet power 	UNK
off his game 	UNK
by sending the audience straight to hell 	UNK
the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes 	UNK
on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic 	UNK
brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors 	UNK
maddening 	UNK
figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats . 	UNK
more relevant than 9 1/2 weeks 	UNK
melodramatic bodice-ripper 	UNK
a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness 	UNK
's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive 	UNK
cleverly worked out 	UNK
of the more influential works 	UNK
dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of 	UNK
is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg 	UNK
shameless self-caricature 	UNK
foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster 	UNK
bludgeoning the audience over the head 	UNK
like the best of godard 's movies 	UNK
no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces wild . 	UNK
that feels dusty and leatherbound 	UNK
of the worst titles in recent cinematic history 	UNK
had been developed with more care 	UNK
is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it 	UNK
retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching . 	UNK
's far from fresh-squeezed 	UNK
huge heart 	UNK
a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling 	UNK
quirky , charming and 	UNK
to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row 	UNK
tale will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting . '' 	UNK
is authentic . 	UNK
an intense indoor drama 	UNK
with aplomb 	UNK
have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own 	UNK
looks fake 	UNK
feel the beat down to your toes 	UNK
love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence 	UNK
perfectly 	UNK
boring , pretentious waste 	UNK
is a dud . 	UNK
the fact that it is n't very good 	UNK
you do n't understand what on earth is going on 	UNK
home 	UNK
about a superficial midlife crisis 	UNK
an action/thriller of the finest kind 	UNK
a buoyant romantic comedy 	UNK
is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend . 	UNK
will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action 	UNK
kwan 's unique directing style 	UNK
the town has kind of an authentic feel , but 	UNK
examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling 	UNK
demonic 	UNK
the story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution . 	UNK
keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . 	UNK
weird and distanced 	UNK
never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time . 	UNK
because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm 	UNK
borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own 	UNK
this long and relentlessly saccharine film 	UNK
conflicts 	UNK
offer any new insight 	UNK
bring out joys in our lives 	UNK
what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure 	UNK
, herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion . 	UNK
of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions 	UNK
frightful vanity film 	UNK
should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie . 	UNK
the process comes out looking like something wholly original 	UNK
a movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated 	UNK
uniquely 	UNK
shoddy product 	UNK
you 'd be wise to send your regrets 	UNK
perdition 	UNK
its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace 	UNK
- kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and 	UNK
are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy 	UNK
exploiting 	UNK
hypocritical 	UNK
a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls . 	UNK
are beautiful 	UNK
told , with superb performances throughout 	UNK
like life 	UNK
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play . 	UNK
sweetness and 	UNK
improved 	UNK
that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist 	UNK
fantasy of a director 's travel 	UNK
the far superior film 	UNK
resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates . 	UNK
for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance 	UNK
amaze 	UNK
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , 	UNK
an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter 	UNK
darker turns 	UNK
losing my lunch 	UNK
can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise 	UNK
confident enough 	UNK
starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion . 	UNK
evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters 	UNK
virtually no understanding of it 	UNK
the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers 	UNK
embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it 	UNK
run-of-the-mill 	UNK
a strong pulse 	UNK
star power 	UNK
, bloody and mean 	UNK
cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory 	UNK
the excruciating end of days 	UNK
a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them 	UNK
the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick . 	UNK
kirsten dunst 's remarkable performance 	UNK
a meatier 	UNK
maelstrom is strange and compelling 	UNK
a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation 	UNK
those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself 	UNK
amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio 	UNK
odd and intriguing 	UNK
awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 	UNK
every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary 	UNK
a wickedly undramatic central theme 	UNK
begins as a seven rip-off 	UNK
the end of the world 	UNK
cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film . 	UNK
a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , 	UNK
that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane 	UNK
usual tear 	UNK
engage children 	UNK
you feel good 	UNK
a sultry evening 	UNK
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled mr. chips off the old block . 	UNK
apparent joy 	UNK
live-wire film 	UNK
this story still seems timely and important . 	UNK
deliciously exploitative 	UNK
geniality 	UNK
brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life 	UNK
sloppy , made-for-movie 	UNK
implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all 	UNK
an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate 	UNK
that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty 	UNK
one mediocre movie 	UNK
various sources 	UNK
that 's apparently just what ( aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career 	UNK
ca n't even do that much 	UNK
hide its contrivances 	UNK
a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done 	UNK
like all four of the lead actors a lot 	UNK
delicate treatment 	UNK
empire ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film . 	UNK
such a tragedy 	UNK
subtlety has never been his trademark 	UNK
it may not be particularly innovative 	UNK
the easy emotional buttons 	UNK
that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier 	UNK
a climactic hero 's 	UNK
one more dumb high school comedy 	UNK
are universal and involving 	UNK
possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen 	UNK
farce , 	UNK
is so earnest in its yearning for the days 	UNK
the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and 	UNK
obscure this movie 's lack of ideas 	UNK
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest . 	UNK
brings to a spectacular completion one 	UNK
satisfactory overview 	UNK
observant , unfussily poetic meditation 	UNK
looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments . 	UNK
dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding 	UNK
has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy . 	UNK
the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you 	UNK
have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd 	UNK
normally , rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable . 	UNK
samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 	UNK
and pulp melodrama 	UNK
of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor 	UNK
historic 	UNK
, but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special . 	UNK
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt . 	UNK
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song . 	UNK
's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message 	UNK
forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s 	UNK
with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity . 	UNK
expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape . 	UNK
france 's foremost cinematic poet 	UNK
uneven 	UNK
seem graceless and ugly 	UNK
merely bad 	UNK
a welcome and heartwarming addition 	UNK
everlasting 	UNK
did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home 	UNK
heartfelt conviction 	UNK
to his supple understanding of the role 	UNK
lax 	UNK
playful spirit 	UNK
a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- 	UNK
the story has its redundancies , 	UNK
the charm of kevin kline 	UNK
sets a new benchmark for lameness 	UNK
too loud , 	UNK
superficiality and silliness 	UNK
believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action 	UNK
to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe 	UNK
this girl 	UNK
, humorless soap opera 	UNK
while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain 	UNK
it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting . 	UNK
seem sure of where it should go 	UNK
have been worth cheering as a breakthrough 	UNK
its disgusting source material 	UNK
one of the best movies of the year . 	UNK
fine acting 	UNK
will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime . 	UNK
turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder 	UNK
no energy 	UNK
low-budget and 	UNK
it 's all arty and jazzy 	UNK
whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle 	UNK
fast and 	UNK
absurd plot twists 	UNK
phony imagery or music 	UNK
best silly horror movies 	UNK
good humor 	UNK
see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way 	UNK
not just unlikable . 	UNK
one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever . 	UNK
a beauty to behold 	UNK
trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it 	UNK
overinflated mythology 	UNK
so striking 	UNK
does n't quite know how to fill a frame 	UNK
build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency . 	UNK
, it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises 	UNK
good poetry 	UNK
to make it worth watching 	UNK
, storytelling is far more appealing 	UNK
to its inevitable tragic conclusion 	UNK
forgettable effort 	UNK
otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject 	UNK
stylists 	UNK
, ` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary . 	UNK
big round eyes and 	UNK
allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue 	UNK
very well 	UNK
on the brink of major changes 	UNK
a fascinating , bombshell documentary 	UNK
is pure punk existentialism 	UNK
the most ingenious film 	UNK
cloying messages and irksome characters 	UNK
knows its classical music , knows its freud and 	UNK
his ( nelson 's ) screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it . 	UNK
touching british comedy 	UNK
beautifully shot , 	UNK
is as adult as you can get 	UNK
otherwise good 	UNK
provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc . 	UNK
vividly 	UNK
fresh 	UNK
an unflinching and objective look 	UNK
a solid base hit . 	UNK
amateurish 	UNK
plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . 	UNK
i just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie . 	UNK
has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny 	UNK
the satire is weak . 	UNK
sitcomishly predictable and cloying 	UNK
that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination 	UNK
enigma is well-made 	UNK
infuses the film 	UNK
gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences 	UNK
replacing john carpenter 's stylish tracking shots 	UNK
a sane and breathtakingly creative film 	UNK
shrewd but pointless 	UNK
a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery 	UNK
echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies 	UNK
a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and 	UNK
mannered 	UNK
of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly 	UNK
treasure chest 	UNK
is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all . 	UNK
a heroine 	UNK
, there is little else to recommend `` never again . '' 	UNK
a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento ... 	UNK
, promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people . 	UNK
their intelligence 	UNK
quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy 	UNK
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us 	UNK
a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie 	UNK
pinnacle 	UNK
90-plus 	UNK
to churn out one mediocre movie after another 	UNK
strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss 	UNK
an overcooked soufflé 	UNK
sinks further and further into comedy futility 	UNK
grotesque and boring 	UNK
no character , loveable or otherwise 	UNK
is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years 	UNK
sincerely crafted picture 	UNK
is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact 	UNK
tricky and satisfying as any of david 	UNK
it 's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle . 	UNK
exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . ' 	UNK
filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life 	UNK
such life-embracing spirit 	UNK
ultimately , `` mib ii '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless . 	UNK
a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle 	UNK
all the filmmakers need to do 	UNK
in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm 	UNK
when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and 	UNK
a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth 	UNK
several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` unfaithful . '' 	UNK
even with its $ 50-million us budget , pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture . 	UNK
in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office 	UNK
a timid , soggy near miss . 	UNK
we often reel in when we should be playing out 	UNK
contemplative , and 	UNK
wonderful , imaginative 	UNK
limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists 	UNK
been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened 	UNK
enormously endearing 	UNK
hate it for the same reason 	UNK
unusually surreal 	UNK
less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ( though no less horrifying for it ) . 	UNK
little morality tale 	UNK
was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be 	UNK
too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery 	UNK
one of the best silly horror movies 	UNK
strokes the eyeballs 	UNK
low-brow humor , 	UNK
a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions 	UNK
makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . 	UNK
the humor wry and 	UNK
writer/director david caesar ladles on the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza . 	UNK
too weak a recipe 	UNK
dishonesty 	UNK
weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school 	UNK
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed 	UNK
look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor . 	UNK
my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and 	UNK
very well-acted 	UNK
as moronic as some campus gross-out films 	UNK
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does . 	UNK
to bowling you over 	UNK
the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest 	UNK
probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 . 	UNK
comedy special 	UNK
annoying 	UNK
cannibal 	UNK
most effective 	UNK
little time 	UNK
lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise 	UNK
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner laurence coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage 	UNK
has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones 	UNK
charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular 	UNK
a much funnier film 	UNK
it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , 	UNK
near miss 	UNK
yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state 	UNK
in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable 	UNK
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and 	UNK
the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled . 	UNK
the fantastic and the believable 	UNK
to keep it from being maudlin 	UNK
an interest 	UNK
lacks depth . 	UNK
has something fascinating 	UNK
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... the château 	UNK
never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together 	UNK
another generic drama 	UNK
typical animé , with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names . 	UNK
the recording sessions 	UNK
of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters 	UNK
the rare imax movie that you 'll wish was longer than an hour . 	UNK
shapeless inconsequential move 	UNK
annoying , 	UNK
by not averting his eyes , solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable . 	UNK
with the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors 	UNK
a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise 	UNK
wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths 	UNK
and artistic transcendence 	UNK
tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot 	UNK
treat . 	UNK
retaining an integrity 	UNK
look ill at ease sharing the same scene . 	UNK
a natural sense for what works 	UNK
throw elbows when necessary 	UNK
very sluggish 	UNK
this overproduced piece 	UNK
as ugly as the shabby digital photography and 	UNK
makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here . 	UNK
a funny moment 	UNK
frailty '' starts out like a typical bible killer story 	UNK
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , 	UNK
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast 	UNK
eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . 	UNK
noisy and pretentious 	UNK
` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny 	UNK
an intensely lived time , 	UNK
employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing 	UNK
of goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan 	UNK
brave 	UNK
sinister inspiration 	UNK
but no-nonsense human beings they are and 	UNK
competent , unpretentious entertainment 	UNK
to squander jennifer love hewitt 	UNK
has a way of seeping into your consciousness 	UNK
tooled action thriller about love and terrorism 	UNK
putrid writing , direction and timing 	UNK
breezy blend 	UNK
if ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing . 	UNK
attracting audiences 	UNK
whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck . 	UNK
contributions 	UNK
an amusement 	UNK
jump cuts , fast editing 	UNK
in the wake of saving private ryan , black hawk down and we were soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine . 	UNK
has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience 	UNK
an overexposed waste of film 	UNK
most of the characters forget their lines 	UNK
just that it 's so not-at-all-good 	UNK
listless , witless , 	UNK
handsome 	UNK
a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock 	UNK
airless cinematic shell games . 	UNK
next to little insight 	UNK
mcwilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , 	UNK
cheesy backdrops 	UNK
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , 	UNK
like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge 	UNK
must have been lost in the mail 	UNK
utter lack 	UNK
beneath otherwise tender movements 	UNK
if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad 	UNK
follow-your-dream 	UNK
is no denying the power of polanski 's film 	UNK
match his ambition 	UNK
, virulently unpleasant excuse 	UNK
the confusing sexual messages 	UNK
queasy infatuation and overall strangeness 	UNK
of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow 	UNK
really solid woody allen film 	UNK
opulent 	UNK
with splendid singing 	UNK
this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history 	UNK
an intelligent person 	UNK
small , sweet ` evelyn 	UNK
if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy . 	UNK
buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images 	UNK
desolate 	UNK
the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals 	UNK
his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes 	UNK
to break free of her old life 	UNK
these days are about nothing 	UNK
terrific casting 	UNK
it feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs . 	UNK
their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment 	UNK
is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent 	UNK
emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort 	UNK
auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ... 	UNK
stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits 	UNK
technically proficient and 	UNK
a chilly , brooding but quietly 	UNK
lazy exercise 	UNK
predictable than their consequences 	UNK
proper home 	UNK
his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress 	UNK
is rather unexceptional 	UNK
under-inspired , overblown enterprise 	UNK
like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen 	UNK
inject farcical raunch 	UNK
injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again . 	UNK
is their resemblance to everyday children . 	UNK
will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . 	UNK
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man . 	UNK
is one of the best actors there is 	UNK
is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable 	UNK
a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , 	UNK
is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness . 	UNK
ugly and destructive 	UNK
baaaaaaaaad movie 	UNK
as a detailed personal portrait 	UNK
delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation 	UNK
feel sanitised and stagey 	UNK
direct-to-video/dvd 	UNK
that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination 	UNK
fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it . 	UNK
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but 	UNK
difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 	UNK
crane 's decline with unblinking candor 	UNK
written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors 	UNK
sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy 	UNK
more of : spirit , perception , conviction 	UNK
the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon . 	UNK
teeth-clenching 	UNK
the movie is brilliant , really . 	UNK
entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal 	UNK
so you can get your money back 	UNK
timid and soggy 	UNK
can be made on the cheap 	UNK
barely realize your mind is being blown . 	UNK
light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy 	UNK
( a ) stale retread of the '53 original . 	UNK
of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme 	UNK
abhorrent 	UNK
feels painfully redundant and inauthentic 	UNK
make it well worth watching 	UNK
after the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music . 	UNK
integrating the characters 	UNK
brave and 	UNK
in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look 	UNK
modestly surprising movie 	UNK
boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other 	UNK
they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . 	UNK
wondrous beats 	UNK
a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen 	UNK
to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining 	UNK
ability to shock and amaze 	UNK
another tired old vision 	UNK
a fascinating character 's 	UNK
by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness 	UNK
a tough pill to swallow 	UNK
more adventurous 	UNK
than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point 	UNK
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay . 	UNK
rings false 	UNK
sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit 	UNK
human nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; 	UNK
more than their unique residences 	UNK
... strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults . 	UNK
not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow . 	UNK
of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay 	UNK
the flowering of the south korean cinema 	UNK
( and lovely ) experiment 	UNK
george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks 	UNK
a sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work . 	UNK
undeniably fascinating and playful 	UNK
too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins 	UNK
crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope 	UNK
this stinker 	UNK
piercing and feisty 	UNK
is one of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it 	UNK
before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway . 	UNK
not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing . 	UNK
urban comedy 	UNK
exalts the marxian dream of honest working folk 	UNK
is a brilliant movie . 	UNK
feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal 	UNK
was worse . '' 	UNK
it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance . 	UNK
leaden and predictable 	UNK
above-average thriller 	UNK
an elegant and sly deadpan 	UNK
civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices 	UNK
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and 	UNK
high-strung but flaccid drama 	UNK
guiding lights 	UNK
reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script 	UNK
`` b + 	UNK
one of france 's most inventive directors 	UNK
sets a new benchmark for lameness . 	UNK
in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little . 	UNK
tenacious 	UNK
the brain is engaged 	UNK
are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction 	UNK
is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor 	UNK
about the life 	UNK
`` elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases 	UNK
engaging manner and flamboyant style 	UNK
cinematic 	UNK
to his craft , but to his legend 	UNK
... hypnotically dull . 	UNK
is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his 	UNK
yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless 	UNK
other foul substances 	UNK
mounted , exasperatingly 	UNK
about the general absurdity of modern life 	UNK
none of this is very original , and 	UNK
to behold in its sparkling beauty 	UNK
is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . ' 	UNK
brisk hack job . 	UNK
teacher 	UNK
it all unfolds predictably 	UNK
its empty head 	UNK
is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film 	UNK
, this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . 	UNK
a remarkably alluring film 	UNK
for sure 	UNK
a fun and funky look 	UNK
have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama 	UNK
has failed him 	UNK
for everyone 	UNK
rather unique approach 	UNK
is oscar-worthy 	UNK
watching intelligent people making a movie 	UNK
the modern master 	UNK
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find . 	UNK
is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys 	UNK
-- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- 	UNK
warped 	UNK
launch 	UNK
as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet 	UNK
one that was hard for me to warm up to 	UNK
brought down by lousy direction . 	UNK
an even less capable trio of criminals 	UNK
be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor 	UNK
for the last 15 minutes 	UNK
a superfluous sequel ... 	UNK
too convoluted 	UNK
with few respites , marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it . 	UNK
the pictures do the punching 	UNK
terrific casting and solid execution 	UNK
thrillers actually thrilled 	UNK
is the sense that peace is possible 	UNK
valley of the dolls 	UNK
how good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not . 	UNK
worm its way into your heart 	UNK
spellbinding serpent 's 	UNK
becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on 	UNK
funniest motion 	UNK
fondly remembered as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about 	UNK
the stale plot and pornographic way 	UNK
handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly 	UNK
is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff . 	UNK
ebullient 	UNK
takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel . 	UNK
its visual appeal 	UNK
once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie 	UNK
windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . 	UNK
wholly believable and heart-wrenching 	UNK
frightfest 	UNK
look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor 	UNK
there are many definitions of ` time waster ' 	UNK
the dullest tangents 	UNK
switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s 	UNK
empty head 	UNK
star power , a pop-induced score 	UNK
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play 	UNK
forget about it 	UNK
feel like a chump 	UNK
focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness 	UNK
wo n't enjoy the movie at all 	UNK
same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept 	UNK
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms . 	UNK
effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 	UNK
great rewards 	UNK
should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free 	UNK
is a mess . 	UNK
too clichéd and 	UNK
being able to tear their eyes away from the screen 	UNK
terrifying message 	UNK
telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal 	UNK
compromising that complexity 	UNK
one experiences mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience 	UNK
suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories 	UNK
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed 	UNK
with brooms and what is kind of special 	UNK
is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks . 	UNK
tight and truthful 	UNK
appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about 	UNK
lots of cool stuff packed into espn 's ultimate x. 	UNK
seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business . 	UNK
with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller 	UNK
formulaic and forgettable 	UNK
you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma 	UNK
effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres 	UNK
with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch 	UNK
candid , 	UNK
you may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie . 	UNK
hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like 	UNK
more sophisticated and 	UNK
this turd squashed 	UNK
show-stoppingly hilarious , 	UNK
director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours . 	UNK
is still worth hearing 	UNK
right conditions 	UNK
's film ' in the worst sense of the expression . 	UNK
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... 	UNK
than a leaky freighter 	UNK
dying fall 	UNK
ignore the film 	UNK
you can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise . 	UNK
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny 	UNK
that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability 	UNK
an insult 	UNK
gentle , lapping 	UNK
rise above the level of an after-school tv special 	UNK
muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible 	UNK
feel like time fillers between surf shots 	UNK
presume 	UNK
you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions 	UNK
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' ) wears its heart on its sleeve . 	UNK
found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays . 	UNK
shamelessly manipulative and contrived 	UNK
lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name 	UNK
much like a young robert deniro 	UNK
altogether creepy 	UNK
jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- 	UNK
has any sting to it 	UNK
see over and over 	UNK
, you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox 	UNK
thriller junk . 	UNK
seeing this trite , predictable rehash 	UNK
surprisingly funny 	UNK
mr. polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic . 	UNK
jump-in-your-seat moment 	UNK
, this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine . 	UNK
the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers . 	UNK
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation 	UNK
it rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide . 	UNK
chamber of secrets 	UNK
film that suffers because of its many excesses . 	UNK
sublime 	UNK
how 	UNK
a rustic retreat and pee against a tree 	UNK
the working out of the plot almost arbitrary 	UNK
it also will win you over , in a big way 	UNK
seem tiresomely simpleminded 	UNK
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and 	UNK
prime mystery 	UNK
it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker 	UNK
about intelligent high school 	UNK
an achievement 	UNK
were the people who paid to see it . 	UNK
an engaging storyline , 	UNK
almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and 	UNK
too much exploitation and too little art 	UNK
one film 	UNK
bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period 	UNK
a delightfully dour 	UNK
it trusts the story it sets out to tell . 	UNK
of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world 	UNK
been a good film in `` trouble every day 	UNK
ron howard 's apollo 13 in the imax format 	UNK
... could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 . 	UNK
works its magic 	UNK
the war of the roses , ' 	UNK
cinematic disaster 	UNK
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany 's democratic weimar republic . 	UNK
this dvd 	UNK
of motherhood deferred and desire 	UNK
spoofs and celebrates 	UNK
it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years 	UNK
broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity . 	UNK
theories 	UNK
it 's won 	UNK
a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and 	UNK
in a sincere performance 	UNK
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed 	UNK
celebrated 	UNK
the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 	UNK
becomes an overwhelming pleasure 	UNK
to be even worse than its title 	UNK
grossly contradictory 	UNK
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... but 	UNK
might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience . 	UNK
it still feels like a prison stretch . 	UNK
are many tense scenes in trapped 	UNK
this movie directionless 	UNK
the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide . 	UNK
the art direction is often exquisite , 	UNK
a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters 	UNK
might deliver again and again 	UNK
scores a direct hit 	UNK
a humorless journey into a philosophical void . 	UNK
a foundering performance 	UNK
take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly 	UNK
fine documentary 	UNK
once playful and haunting , 	UNK
way fears and slights 	UNK
delightful in the central role 	UNK
the film 's final hour 	UNK
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece 	UNK
waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over 	UNK
does n't 	UNK
dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick 	UNK
thoughtful , subjective filmmaking 	UNK
that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness 	UNK
symbolic examination 	UNK
be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality 	UNK
translation : ` we do n't need to try very hard . 	UNK
into rambling incoherence 	UNK
icky 	UNK
occasional slowness 	UNK
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy 	UNK
nelson 's intentions are good 	UNK
a compelling allegory about the last days of germany 's democratic weimar republic 	UNK
it 's black hawk down with more heart . 	UNK
a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc . 	UNK
otherwise bleak 	UNK
, then blood work is for you . 	UNK
knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . 	UNK
the general 's 	UNK
is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring 	UNK
plot and pornographic way 	UNK
beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images 	UNK
a kitchen sink 	UNK
then they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . 	UNK
excruciating end 	UNK
make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 	UNK
is born to play shaggy ! 	UNK
subtle ironies and visual devices 	UNK
be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film 	UNK
potentially interesting 	UNK
is a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man 	UNK
family fare . 	UNK
the curse of blandness 	UNK
is ) a fascinating character , 	UNK
director claude chabrol 	UNK
finds warmth in the coldest environment 	UNK
flailing around 	UNK
this orange has some juice , 	UNK
historically significant , and personal , 	UNK
with exquisite craftsmanship ... olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society . 	UNK
's equally distasteful 	UNK
is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap 	UNK
it makes you feel like a chump 	UNK
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down . 	UNK
a dull , dumb and derivative horror 	UNK
's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd 	UNK
becomes too heavy for the plot . 	UNK
loud , violent and mindless 	UNK
the film certainly does n't disappoint . 	UNK
here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud . 	UNK
craziness 	UNK
noble teacher 	UNK
graham greene 's novel 	UNK
a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera . 	UNK
, howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another . 	UNK
will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating . 	UNK
with spikes of sly humor 	UNK
ungainly movie 	UNK
human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard . 	UNK
regret and , ultimately , 	UNK
elegance and 	UNK
a difficult time 	UNK
buoyant delivery 	UNK
most inventive directors 	UNK
its luckiest viewers 	UNK
visually striking and slickly staged 	UNK
fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent . 	UNK
unsettled 	UNK
is one of the biggest disappointments of the year . 	UNK
recommend snow dogs 	UNK
you would n't want to live waydowntown , 	UNK
a brutal and funny 	UNK
in all its director 's cut glory 	UNK
, may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit . 	UNK
captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury 	UNK
an appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton . 	UNK
into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music 	UNK
farts , urine , feces , 	UNK
a big time stinker 	UNK
artful , watery tones 	UNK
that 's better than its predecessor 	UNK
bad luck and their own immaturity 	UNK
's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but 	UNK
some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics 	UNK
richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings 	UNK
, retrospectively , his most personal work yet . 	UNK
just because it seems obligatory 	UNK
improves on it , 	UNK
bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love . 	UNK
it 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie . 	UNK
this woefully hackneyed movie 	UNK
murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed 	UNK
pretentious types 	UNK
to the power of women to heal 	UNK
an original idea 	UNK
is banal in its message and the choice of material 	UNK
all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights 	UNK
a whole lot of nada 	UNK
the bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , 	UNK
hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction . 	UNK
collateral damage is trash , 	UNK
a miraculous movie 	UNK
very dark and very funny 	UNK
prostituted muse 	UNK
is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time . 	UNK
he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty 	UNK
was chuckling at all the wrong times 	UNK
it 's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart . 	UNK
seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar 	UNK
's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters 	UNK
formulaic 	UNK
an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion 	UNK
lame screenplay 	UNK
running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen . 	UNK
bad way 	UNK
seems worse for the effort . 	UNK
of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen 	UNK
overflows 	UNK
austerity and forcefulness 	UNK
sensational denouements 	UNK
studiously inoffensive 	UNK
a gem of a movie . 	UNK
far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise . 	UNK
that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes 	UNK
say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets 	UNK
may shape hawke 's artistic aspirations 	UNK
would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 . 	UNK
it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity 	UNK
one long 	UNK
honest and loving 	UNK
ice age wo n't drop your jaw , but 	UNK
( a ) mess 	UNK
to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned 	UNK
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders 	UNK
the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise . 	UNK
this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film . 	UNK
this charming but slight tale 	UNK
, and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth 	UNK
involved . 	UNK
inane 	UNK
teddy bears ' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing 	UNK
that the jury who bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off 	UNK
faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers 	UNK
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story 	UNK
highly predictable 	UNK
a shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and rocawear clothing . 	UNK
the community 	UNK
he wants you to feel something 	UNK
better than its predecessor 	UNK
piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent . 	UNK
a complete waste of time . 	UNK
is very believable 	UNK
shoot themselves 	UNK
mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary 	UNK
sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests 	UNK
friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite . 	UNK
the self-destructiveness 	UNK
lightweight but appealing . 	UNK
its courage , 	UNK
feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards 	UNK
makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective 	UNK
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear 	UNK
ambiguous enough to be engaging 	UNK
it holds itself 	UNK
with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers 	UNK
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but 	UNK
pulpy core conceit 	UNK
has never been smoother or more confident 	UNK
is at once intimate and universal cinema . 	UNK
an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen . 	UNK
the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope 	UNK
brilliant and 	UNK
he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities . 	UNK
cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense 	UNK
lack of thematic resonance 	UNK
's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects . 	UNK
her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera 	UNK
halle berry does her best to keep up with him 	UNK
lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- 	UNK
of profound characterizations 	UNK
the thrills pop up frequently 	UNK
drags the film 	UNK
manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity . 	UNK
the numerous scenes of gory mayhem 	UNK
of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form 	UNK
arrogant 	UNK
for self-deprecating comedy 	UNK
overlong and not well-acted 	UNK
cheapo animation 	UNK
i laughed at 	UNK
whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned 	UNK
perform entertaining tricks 	UNK
the harsh reality of my situation 	UNK
a guilty pleasure 	UNK
small but rewarding comedy 	UNK
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting 	UNK
closer than many movies 	UNK
a party political broadcast 	UNK
dumb high school comedy 	UNK
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism . 	UNK
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection 	UNK
bluster and 	UNK
a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters 	UNK
but dull and ankle-deep ` epic 	UNK
of the elements that will grab you 	UNK
exceptionally 	UNK
engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing 	UNK
bless crudup 	UNK
it 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor . 	UNK
the limitations of his skill and 	UNK
wazoo and sets 	UNK
the final day of the season 	UNK
something rare and riveting 	UNK
as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code 	UNK
a class with that of wilde 	UNK
i have a confession to make : i did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy 	UNK
's good 	UNK
of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title 	UNK
cutting-edge 	UNK
a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style . 	UNK
's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting . 	UNK
like a bad idea from frame one 	UNK
highly professional film 	UNK
be an attempt at hardass american 	UNK
rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year . 	UNK
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball . '' 	UNK
manages to bring something new into the mix 	UNK
by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness 	UNK
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations 	UNK
has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy 	UNK
could n't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person 	UNK
a sense of wonder 	UNK
of the rotting underbelly of middle america 	UNK
its uncanny tale 	UNK
nonsensical and 	UNK
her grace 	UNK
inconsequential move 	UNK
will enjoy it 	UNK
snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i 	UNK
nothing distinguishing 	UNK
the finest 	UNK
error 	UNK
my ribcage 	UNK
, the hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right . 	UNK
for casual moviegoers who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek , they 'll probably run out screaming . 	UNK
this dreary mess 	UNK
subjective 	UNK
lags badly 	UNK
adding the rich details 	UNK
breaks no new ground and 	UNK
these characters become wearisome . 	UNK
leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing . 	UNK
stereotypes in good fun 	UNK
lax and 	UNK
in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting . 	UNK
with a game supporting cast 	UNK
, showtime eventually folds under its own thinness . 	UNK
less charitable 	UNK
if divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances . 	UNK
that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking 	UNK
in white 's intermittently wise script 	UNK
end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards 	UNK
high-minded appeal 	UNK
fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat 	UNK
insane 	UNK
likeable characters 	UNK
that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic . 	UNK
excruciatingly 	UNK
armed with a game supporting cast , 	UNK
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , 	UNK
the courageous molly craig 	UNK
work because there is no foundation for it 	UNK
you 're engulfed by it . 	UNK
true for being so hot-blooded 	UNK
devastation 	UNK
is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city 	UNK
comedy , caper thrills 	UNK
a damn fine and 	UNK
liar 	UNK
the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin 	UNK
the four primary actors 	UNK
purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 	UNK
bad improvisation exercise 	UNK
cussing 	UNK
, funny and poignant 	UNK
's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins . 	UNK
uninspired scripts , acting and direction 	UNK
anger and frustration 	UNK
repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue . 	UNK
the sword fighting is well done and 	UNK
, full frontal plays like the work of a dilettante . 	UNK
when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one 	UNK
will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark 's dogma movement 	UNK
hit that may strain adult credibility 	UNK
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , 	UNK
graphic treatment 	UNK
an apartheid drama 	UNK
, fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 	UNK
you 've got a huge mess 	UNK
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men . 	UNK
an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product 	UNK
striking and 	UNK
undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense 	UNK
balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other 	UNK
love a joy to behold 	UNK
a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick 	UNK
it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) 	UNK
hefty helping 	UNK
an amazing slapstick instrument 	UNK
's coherent , well shot 	UNK
under-inspired 	UNK
... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman . 	UNK
an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players 	UNK
all the right ways 	UNK
easily one of the best and most exciting movies 	UNK
plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting 	UNK
dullest irish pub scenes 	UNK
smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds . 	UNK
wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale . 	UNK
as intellectual masterpieces 	UNK
provocative drama 	UNK
this gender-bending comedy 	UNK
cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy . 	UNK
the insinuation of mediocre acting 	UNK
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic . 	UNK
casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired 	UNK
is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 	UNK
are some movies that hit you from the first scene 	UNK
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c.h.o. still feels like a promising work-in-progress 	UNK
had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . 	UNK
add up to a satisfying crime drama 	UNK
a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait 	UNK
ou 've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane . 	UNK
for with its heart 	UNK
love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today 	UNK
classic story 	UNK
a whimper 	UNK
skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source 	UNK
executed it takes your breath away 	UNK
spite of it 	UNK
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... 	UNK
flaws , 	UNK
rich 	UNK
hallmark card sentimentality 	UNK
a great missed opportunity 	UNK
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved 	UNK
you actually buy into 	UNK
the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies 	UNK
do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile 	UNK
's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb . 	UNK
recent past 	UNK
a characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie . 	UNK
the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store '' 	UNK
is n't going to jell 	UNK
, witty and beneath 	UNK
a nifty plot line 	UNK
is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation 	UNK
has n't been worth caring about 	UNK
's awfully entertaining to watch . 	UNK
high hilarity 	UNK
laughed that hard 	UNK
a monster movie 	UNK
unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy 	UNK
a sense of mystery 	UNK
outside his grasp 	UNK
like something wholly original 	UNK
genre a bad name . 	UNK
tedious 	UNK
offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid 	UNK
the teen-exploitation playbook 	UNK
of dreamlike ecstasy 	UNK
timeless and 	UNK
anyone 's guess 	UNK
sweet , funny , charming , 	UNK
, and enjoyable 	UNK
is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon . 	UNK
eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made 	UNK
remarkable for its intelligence and intensity 	UNK
it 's a dark , gritty story but 	UNK
come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 	UNK
obscenity is at hand 	UNK
a beautiful paean to a time long past . 	UNK
the forest 	UNK
a beautifully observed character piece . 	UNK
the script 's refusal 	UNK
a solid action pic 	UNK
a movie of riveting power and sadness . 	UNK
you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	UNK
indignant 	UNK
make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice 	UNK
gut-busting 	UNK
kill michael myers for good 	UNK
the filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment . 	UNK
dave barry 's 	UNK
argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works 	UNK
a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama 	UNK
loyal 	UNK
he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long . 	UNK
a fine , rousing , g-rated family film 	UNK
gives everyone something to shout about . 	UNK
it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy 	UNK
violence 	UNK
stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . ' 	UNK
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment 	UNK
is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and 	UNK
one feels cheated 	UNK
below may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished 	UNK
its love 	UNK
less-than-thrilling 	UNK
that you and they were in another movie 	UNK
enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem 	UNK
is ( cattaneo ) sophomore slump . 	UNK
trashy time 	UNK
did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed 	UNK
best actor 	UNK
the writing is insipid 	UNK
you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory ... 	UNK
viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances . 	UNK
sham actor workshops 	UNK
satirical touches 	UNK
disjointed 	UNK
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it 	UNK
sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors . 	UNK
, told well by a master storyteller 	UNK
life affirming and heartbreaking , 	UNK
of the bride 's humor is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues . 	UNK
canny crowd pleaser 	UNK
exploiting molestation for laughs 	UNK
dull exposition 	UNK
neatly and effectively 	UNK
the beat of a different drum 	UNK
and undemanding armchair tourists 	UNK
technical achievement 	UNK
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres 	UNK
a mindless action movie 	UNK
it 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period 	UNK
long after this film has ended 	UNK
a thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world . 	UNK
most sparkling 	UNK
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo 	UNK
possess the lack-of-attention span 	UNK
puppies with broken legs 	UNK
his outstanding performance as bond in die 	UNK
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore . 	UNK
becomes simply a monster chase film 	UNK
like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art 	UNK
the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast 	UNK
a beautiful film 	UNK
disappointments i 	UNK
is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in 	UNK
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational 	UNK
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making 	UNK
their cruel fate 	UNK
long-winded 	UNK
magic and is enjoyable family fare . 	UNK
drowned out 	UNK
its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful 	UNK
for this illuminating comedy 	UNK
captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece 	UNK
god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . ' 	UNK
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof 	UNK
contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art 	UNK
steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience . 	UNK
embraced by this gentle comedy 	UNK
if the suspense never rises to a higher level 	UNK
deeply concerned with morality 	UNK
do n't need to know your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california 	UNK
the film ... presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ? 	UNK
who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans 	UNK
rocks . 	UNK
hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you 	UNK
more recent successes 	UNK
of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days 	UNK
starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery 	UNK
is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . 	UNK
thrown-together 	UNK
accentuating , 	UNK
has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people 	UNK
die 	UNK
, the film is deadly dull 	UNK
check your brain at the door 	UNK
a bit cold and relatively flavorless 	UNK
while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere 	UNK
confuses its message with an ultimate desire 	UNK
a silly comedy 	UNK
excellent work 	UNK
tormented by his heritage 	UNK
walked away from this new version of e.t. 	UNK
the spaniel-eyed jean reno infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart . 	UNK
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple 	UNK
the criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ... 	UNK
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : 	UNK
any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject 	UNK
a stunning film , 	UNK
affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things . 	UNK
, cry and realize , ` it 's never too late to believe in your dreams . ' 	UNK
is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime . 	UNK
are priceless 	UNK
the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies . 	UNK
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight 	UNK
and verbal clichés 	UNK
had , lost , and got back 	UNK
should have been made for the tube . 	UNK
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington 	UNK
overweight and out of shape 	UNK
an engaging , 	UNK
first shocking thing 	UNK
unsubtle 	UNK
a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply 	UNK
better characters , some genuine quirkiness and 	UNK
sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll 	UNK
greater 	UNK
creepy and believable 	UNK
i guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen . 	UNK
fails on its own , but 	UNK
his film crackles 	UNK
is loopy and ludicrous 	UNK
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love 	UNK
basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938 	UNK
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece 	UNK
but it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one . 	UNK
that is richer than anticipated 	UNK
is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and 	UNK
tendentious intervention 	UNK
a lousy script 	UNK
one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' . 	UNK
by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion 	UNK
, obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 	UNK
the resourceful amnesiac 	UNK
, in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 . 	UNK
glorified sitcom 	UNK
find the small , human moments 	UNK
as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form 	UNK
is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory . 	UNK
's worth taking the kids to 	UNK
with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated 	UNK
the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative . 	UNK
fall apart 	UNK
crime drama fare 	UNK
boring and meandering 	UNK
has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness 	UNK
the greatest date movies 	UNK
a visual treat 	UNK
priggish 	UNK
it 's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you do n't try to look too deep into the story 	UNK
evokes 	UNK
you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably 	UNK
will find it more than capable of rewarding them . 	UNK
are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid 	UNK
as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 	UNK
is drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap . 	UNK
assured , vital and 	UNK
super - violent , 	UNK
visual appeal 	UNK
, and of telling a fascinating character 's story 	UNK
content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life 	UNK
is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people 	UNK
beauty 	UNK
so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy . 	UNK
the film is a good one 	UNK
over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while 	UNK
is sadly 	UNK
really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes 	UNK
instead of panoramic sweep , kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust . 	UNK
there 's no good answer to that one . 	UNK
's sharply comic and surprisingly touching 	UNK
the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects 	UNK
know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too 	UNK
nonjudgmental 	UNK
loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature 	UNK
most repellent 	UNK
chokes on . 	UNK
stallion of the cimarron is a winner . 	UNK
a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable 	UNK
exit the theater 	UNK
below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle . 	UNK
a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard . 	UNK
a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart 	UNK
this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye 	UNK
change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's 	UNK
interesting developments 	UNK
a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out 	UNK
under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure 	UNK
the amazing film work 	UNK
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter 	UNK
his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present 	UNK
it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity 	UNK
bold 	UNK
are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances 	UNK
for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese 	UNK
borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism 	UNK
is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life 	UNK
it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree 	UNK
a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation . 	UNK
a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... 	UNK
that sense of openness , the little surprises 	UNK
of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting 	UNK
's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident 	UNK
as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks 	UNK
when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 	UNK
as banal as the telling may be 	UNK
bigger , fatter heart 	UNK
provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . ' 	UNK
sucks , but has a funny moment or two . 	UNK
again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel . 	UNK
sick and evil woman 	UNK
shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream 	UNK
fresh and 	UNK
ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers 	UNK
allows nothing 	UNK
an absolute joy 	UNK
luminous 	UNK
as a science fiction movie , `` minority report '' astounds . 	UNK
, the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned . 	UNK
emotionally satisfying exploration 	UNK
to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 	UNK
has a funny moment or two 	UNK
is creepy 	UNK
also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults 	UNK
to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes 	UNK
than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer 	UNK
character piece 	UNK
claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains . 	UNK
hugely imaginative and successful casting 	UNK
remarkable piece 	UNK
daft by half ... 	UNK
the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes 	UNK
is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture 	UNK
washington overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration . 	UNK
is just sooooo tired 	UNK
instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge 	UNK
is no rest period , no timeout 	UNK
is nicely 	UNK
with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach 	UNK
hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , 	UNK
they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes 	UNK
more diverting and thought-provoking 	UNK
bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni 	UNK
draws the audience 	UNK
becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course 	UNK
, dumb and derivative horror 	UNK
continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage 	UNK
low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , 	UNK
the same problems 	UNK
merchant ivory productions 	UNK
absurdities and clichés accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel . 	UNK
wind chimes 	UNK
of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture 	UNK
is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends 	UNK
as one of the great films about movie love 	UNK
rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film . 	UNK
's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are 	UNK
that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 	UNK
stupid , derivative horror film 	UNK
teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside 	UNK
of the gross-out comedy 	UNK
the 1980s 	UNK
a perfect family film 	UNK
has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff 	UNK
barbarism 	UNK
endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long 	UNK
while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even . 	UNK
it 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness 	UNK
be good 	UNK
fascinating glimpse 	UNK
to its great credit 	UNK
is the far superior film . 	UNK
honest and 	UNK
both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times 	UNK
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire 	UNK
action - mechanical . 	UNK
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and 	UNK
( `` safe conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes but 	UNK
most thoughtful 	UNK
the gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` the lord of the rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth . 	UNK
place for a great film noir 	UNK
serious and thoughtful 	UNK
certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about . 	UNK
absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and 	UNK
objectivity and refusal 	UNK
the power of their surroundings 	UNK
excited that it has n't gone straight to video 	UNK
is long gone 	UNK
there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels . 	UNK
serious soul 	UNK
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but 	UNK
humor and heart and 	UNK
, ' i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too . 	UNK
be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days 	UNK
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem . 	UNK
really quite funny . 	UNK
as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , 	UNK
turns the marquis de sade into a dullard 	UNK
the tinny self-righteousness of his voice 	UNK
compellingly 	UNK
rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories . 	UNK
intelligence 	UNK
may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie 	UNK
acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge . 	UNK
salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon 	UNK
that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk . 	UNK
the acting is just fine , 	UNK
, relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft . 	UNK
alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures . 	UNK
nicole kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while . 	UNK
a welcome relief 	UNK
is , alas , no woody allen . 	UNK
contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama . 	UNK
rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright 	UNK
uncluttered , resonant gem 	UNK
for a painful ride 	UNK
the scripters do n't deserve any oscars 	UNK
stylized swedish fillm about a modern city 	UNK
a reasonably entertaining sequel 	UNK
some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and 	UNK
not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense . 	UNK
contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be 	UNK
will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness 	UNK
our best achievements and 	UNK
summer-camp talent show 	UNK
peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte 	UNK
a funny and touching film 	UNK
naipaul fans may be disappointed . 	UNK
instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view . 	UNK
inarticulate 	UNK
a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that 	UNK
it 's more than a worthwhile effort 	UNK
frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies . 	UNK
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance . 	UNK
mordantly funny and intimately knowing 	UNK
this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises . 	UNK
giggling 	UNK
decay 	UNK
leaves shockwaves 	UNK
's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy . 	UNK
's that good . 	UNK
swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor 	UNK
an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment . 	UNK
funniest jokes 	UNK
half-baked setups and sluggish pacing 	UNK
unfortunately 	UNK
a pretentious and ultimately empty examination 	UNK
like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion 	UNK
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and 	UNK
otherwise good movie 	UNK
in swank apartments , clothes and parties 	UNK
to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing 	UNK
fierce , glaring and unforgettable . 	UNK
has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic . 	UNK
a good race , 	UNK
boorishness 	UNK
warmth , wit and interesting characters 	UNK
it 's boring 	UNK
you ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone . 	UNK
japan bustling 	UNK
it gets to you . 	UNK
the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject . 	UNK
may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit . 	UNK
be as intelligent 	UNK
a french film with a more down-home flavor 	UNK
a mindless action flick 	UNK
at the expense of character 	UNK
is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel 	UNK
then biting into it and finding the filling missing 	UNK
a cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial . 	UNK
sitcomishly 	UNK
that do n't really care for the candidate 	UNK
have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime 	UNK
shoplifts shamelessly 	UNK
a study in schoolgirl obsession 	UNK
several cliched movie structures : the road movie 	UNK
it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients . 	UNK
to cliches and pat storytelling 	UNK
is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast . 	UNK
an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater 	UNK
putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a pandora 's box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest . 	UNK
feeling guilty 	UNK
scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph 	UNK
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling 	UNK
the leanest and meanest 	UNK
alternately fascinating and frustrating 	UNK
pretty 	UNK
heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic 	UNK
crush each other 	UNK
who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces 	UNK
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you 	UNK
a provocative piece of work 	UNK
a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell 	UNK
shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling 	UNK
an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem 	UNK
the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough . 	UNK
the pianist ( is ) a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life . 	UNK
, we had no trouble sitting for blade ii . 	UNK
two fine , nuanced lead performances 	UNK
's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona 	UNK
fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film 	UNK
more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh 's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem . 	UNK
duvall 's 	UNK
fu 	UNK
one moment 	UNK
the hero 's odyssey 	UNK
( f ) rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative 	UNK
created a monster but did n't know how to handle it 	UNK
sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening 	UNK
there 's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever . 	UNK
refresh 	UNK
creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine 	UNK
before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro 	UNK
is a slight and uninventive movie 	UNK
chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine 	UNK
ill-conceived and expensive 	UNK
it is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment . 	UNK
to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions 	UNK
to mention absolutely refreshed . 	UNK
echo of allusions 	UNK
tanks 	UNK
, secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain . 	UNK
as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination 	UNK
dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff . 	UNK
strolls through this mess with a smug grin , 	UNK
read my lips 	UNK
misconstrued as weakness 	UNK
touched by this movie 	UNK
suspenseful horror movie 	UNK
eventually cloying pow drama . 	UNK
, there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd . 	UNK
top japanese animations 	UNK
how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm 	UNK
a thin notion 	UNK
the beautiful images and solemn words 	UNK
who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 	UNK
he has no clue about making a movie 	UNK
posing as a real movie 	UNK
more than people 	UNK
it 's fun , 	UNK
that kidman has become one of our best actors 	UNK
that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 	UNK
have a reasonably good time with the salton sea 	UNK
sweet without the decay 	UNK
flinging their feces 	UNK
with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them 	UNK
is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory 	UNK
of great actors hamming it up 	UNK
the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course 	UNK
the wonderful cinematography 	UNK
quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie 	UNK
is as predictable as the tides . 	UNK
the dark 	UNK
do n't say you were n't warned 	UNK
sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ? 	UNK
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy 	UNK
cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle . 	UNK
everett remains a perfect wildean actor 	UNK
the essence of magic 	UNK
i liked about it 	UNK
grown-up film 	UNK
as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising . 	UNK
a rare and lightly entertaining 	UNK
stuffy , full of itself , 	UNK
particularly innovative 	UNK
the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims . 	UNK
is enough to give you brain strain 	UNK
its moving story 	UNK
to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you 	UNK
often contradictory 	UNK
leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout 	UNK
very touching 	UNK
gentle , mesmerizing 	UNK
as appalling as any ` comedy ' 	UNK
a passionately inquisitive film 	UNK
a glib but bouncy bit 	UNK
( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality 	UNK
a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title 	UNK
, ' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear . 	UNK
awfully good , achingly human picture 	UNK
thrills and extreme 	UNK
, memorable cinematic experience 	UNK
from mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes 	UNK
favor 	UNK
... is , also , frequently hilarious . 	UNK
sharp as the original 	UNK
desperate attempt 	UNK
petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars 	UNK
dangerous 	UNK
spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion 	UNK
living far too much in its own head 	UNK
most magical and 	UNK
is certainly easy to watch . 	UNK
well paced and satisfying 	UNK
in fact , it 's quite fun in places . 	UNK
terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ... the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable . 	UNK
is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid 	UNK
comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary . 	UNK
may pick up new admirers 	UNK
steals so freely from other movies and 	UNK
in marriage 	UNK
breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill . 	UNK
hard to understand 	UNK
turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special 	UNK
to keep letting go at all the wrong moments 	UNK
fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic 	UNK
if it 's filmed tosca that you want 	UNK
to create something original 	UNK
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom 	UNK
who is not only a pianist , but a good human being 	UNK
creeps 	UNK
an exhilarating experience . 	UNK
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more . 	UNK
the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin . 	UNK
take me back to a time before i saw this movie 	UNK
a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse 	UNK
that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 	UNK
moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . 	UNK
star power , 	UNK
energetic and sweetly 	UNK
of wit and dignity 	UNK
amiable picture 	UNK
niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press 	UNK
moving and weighty 	UNK
catch it ... if you can 	UNK
so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style . 	UNK
times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp 	UNK
gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers . 	UNK
retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode 	UNK
thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films 	UNK
's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding . 	UNK
little melodramatic , but with 	UNK
now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects 	UNK
vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all . 	UNK
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned 	UNK
how admirably 	UNK
starts off so bad 	UNK
punctuated by flying guts 	UNK
fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original 	UNK
could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy 	UNK
by turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy . 	UNK
religion that dares to question an ancient faith , 	UNK
's mildly interesting 	UNK
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory . 	UNK
to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits 	UNK
make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school 	UNK
the film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller . 	UNK
of credible gender-provoking philosophy 	UNK
of sensual delights and simmering violence 	UNK
none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits 	UNK
a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop 	UNK
the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy . 	UNK
mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved 	UNK
presented with great sympathy and intelligence 	UNK
this is one summer film that satisfies 	UNK
to the point of ridiculousness 	UNK
like a term paper 	UNK
an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort . 	UNK
with sensitivity and skill 	UNK
's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie . 	UNK
to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 	UNK
falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy . 	UNK
an inexpressible and drab wannabe 	UNK
, never rises above the level of a telanovela . 	UNK
has its redundancies 	UNK
as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary . 	UNK
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle ' 	UNK
contrived and predictable 	UNK
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and 	UNK
stupid , 	UNK
vietnam war 	UNK
's a rare window on an artistic collaboration . 	UNK
moving and not infrequently breathtaking film 	UNK
90-minute , four-star movie 	UNK
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little 	UNK
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , 	UNK
well-crafted film 	UNK
that have all but ruined his career 	UNK
is an ` action film ' mired in stasis . 	UNK
this is even better than the fellowship . 	UNK
is still charming 	UNK
wonderful cinematography 	UNK
quite one of the worst movies of the year 	UNK
a sophisticated flower child 's 	UNK
) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 	UNK
ki-deok 	UNK
that memorable 	UNK
be forgettable 	UNK
excellent music 	UNK
has not spawned a single good film 	UNK
is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity 	UNK
well-written and occasionally challenging social drama 	UNK
... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job 	UNK
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books 	UNK
's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly . 	UNK
with promise 	UNK
reel in the audience 	UNK
the concert footage is stirring 	UNK
clean and 	UNK
less mature 	UNK
horrible movie 	UNK
to inject farcical raunch 	UNK
the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look 	UNK
in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications 	UNK
could hardly ask for more 	UNK
graceful dual narrative 	UNK
to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's 	UNK
a listless climb 	UNK
involved , 	UNK
among the many pleasures 	UNK
combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller . 	UNK
the humor wry 	UNK
whose engaging manner and flamboyant style 	UNK
is n't as weird as it ought to be . 	UNK
strength and sense 	UNK
its punchy style promises 	UNK
is quite beautiful 	UNK
is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer 	UNK
virtually plotless 	UNK
as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out 	UNK
a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation 	UNK
is notable for its sheer audacity and openness . 	UNK
you wish he 'd gone the way of don simpson 	UNK
throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling 	UNK
that even he seems embarrassed to be part of 	UNK
sickeningly real 	UNK
radical action 	UNK
complete shambles 	UNK
whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented 	UNK
brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch 	UNK
beautiful and mysterious 	UNK
forgotten 10 minutes 	UNK
its convolutions 	UNK
then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed . 	UNK
a talking head documentary , but a great one 	UNK
begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain 	UNK
story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' 	UNK
if it had just gone that one step further 	UNK
a persuasive 	UNK
, this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . 	UNK
that 's its first sign of trouble . 	UNK
monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough 	UNK
attractive and talented 	UNK
takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading 	UNK
perversely 	UNK
seemingly sincere personal reflection 	UNK
wrap the proceedings up neatly 	UNK
's the perfect cure for insomnia 	UNK
death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets 	UNK
emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt 	UNK
a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year 	UNK
mind-bender . 	UNK
's an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again 	UNK
with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style 	UNK
own brilliance 	UNK
deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf 	UNK
such a good job of it 	UNK
is the drama within the drama 	UNK
and thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable . 	UNK
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults . 	UNK
their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable 	UNK
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- 	UNK
peevish 	UNK
be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star 	UNK
as crisp and to the point 	UNK
wears its empowerment 	UNK
greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise 	UNK
... a low rate annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school . 	UNK
the punch lines 	UNK
imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s . 	UNK
a generic international version 	UNK
visually masterful work 	UNK
grows boring despite the scenery 	UNK
wannabe film -- 	UNK
need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter 	UNK
the best sports movie i 've ever seen . 	UNK
love sweetly 	UNK
the movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth . 	UNK
obsessively 	UNK
, it 's a very very strong `` b + . '' 	UNK
made a more sheerly beautiful film 	UNK
there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time . 	UNK
a lovely film for the holiday season . 	UNK
that make williams sink into melancholia 	UNK
skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor . 	UNK
in other words , it 's badder than bad . 	UNK
messing 	UNK
dabbles all around 	UNK
cacoyannis ' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts . 	UNK
, scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting . 	UNK
merely bad rather than 	UNK
the strain of its plot contrivances 	UNK
by anne-sophie birot 	UNK
have n't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered . 	UNK
strangely 	UNK
a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion 	UNK
banter-filled comedy 	UNK
, you 'll still have a good time . '' 	UNK
, hole-ridden plotting 	UNK
poo-poo jokes are ` edgy 	UNK
hurried , badly cobbled look 	UNK
know what it wants to be 	UNK
to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place 	UNK
adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism 	UNK
is so thoughtlessly assembled . 	UNK
the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows 	UNK
are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort 	UNK
smug or sanctimonious 	UNK
just lazy 	UNK
is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables 	UNK
to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line 	UNK
intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	UNK
intriguing and realistic 	UNK
no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way . 	UNK
be better as a diary or documentary 	UNK
this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend 	UNK
filming the teeming life 	UNK
is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters 	UNK
landmark as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs 	UNK
romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale 	UNK
everything meshes in this elegant entertainment 	UNK
tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment 	UNK
hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion 	UNK
enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out 	UNK
disappointingly 	UNK
a badly edited , 91-minute trailer 	UNK
throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ? 	UNK
whether jason x is this bad on purpose 	UNK
the pleasure of watching them 	UNK
impossible 	UNK
but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches 	UNK
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities 	UNK
should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come . 	UNK
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me 	UNK
the actors ' perfect comic timing and 	UNK
different than anything that 's been done before 	UNK
paean 	UNK
a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director 	UNK
in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem 	UNK
's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience 	UNK
is just fine 	UNK
, endearing , masterful 	UNK
intriguing , provocative 	UNK
unnoticed and underappreciated 	UNK
satisfying complete picture 	UNK
a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 's first great film 	UNK
sublimely beautiful 	UNK
that real natural , even-flowing tone 	UNK
hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage 	UNK
the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes 	UNK
what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material . 	UNK
is hartley 's least accessible screed yet 	UNK
is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else 	UNK
suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies 	UNK
encumbers itself with complications 	UNK
for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance 	UNK
he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good 	UNK
that gave people seizures 	UNK
a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout 	UNK
horribly wrong 	UNK
a beautiful film , 	UNK
... it 's robert duvall ! 	UNK
to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries 	UNK
speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates 	UNK
woven together handsomely 	UNK
to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses 	UNK
to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone 	UNK
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them 	UNK
kooky which should appeal to women 	UNK
hand it to director george clooney 	UNK
is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime 	UNK
the only pain you 'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub . 	UNK
maddeningly 	UNK
complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore 	UNK
a manipulative whitewash 	UNK
the film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet . 	UNK
at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways 	UNK
making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often 	UNK
more confused , less interesting and more 	UNK
portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... 	UNK
much of the action takes place 	UNK
a worldly-wise and very funny script 	UNK
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... ( it ) comes off like a hallmark commercial . 	UNK
a terrible adaptation 	UNK
revealing nothing 	UNK
is a tart , smart breath of fresh air 	UNK
what 's most memorable about circuit is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb . 	UNK
love 's 	UNK
marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i 	UNK
thanks to the château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation 	UNK
lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting 	UNK
an overflowing septic tank 	UNK
penetrating , potent exploration 	UNK
must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . ' 	UNK
be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers 	UNK
prefabricated story elements 	UNK
musical numbers 	UNK
of loving 	UNK
i thought the relationships were wonderful , 	UNK
, interest can not be revived . 	UNK
outside of burger 's desire to make some kind of film , it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken 	UNK
is cumbersome 	UNK
a calculating fiend or 	UNK
this deeply affecting film 	UNK
then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest . 	UNK
payne has created a beautiful canvas , 	UNK
equals the sum of its pretensions 	UNK
's not very well shot or composed or edited 	UNK
parris ' performance is credible and remarkably mature . 	UNK
wickedly funny 	UNK
lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' 	UNK
cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience . 	UNK
of almost bergmanesque intensity 	UNK
a sharp movie 	UNK
's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media 	UNK
, you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing . 	UNK
the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality . 	UNK
positively thrilling combination 	UNK
energy and geniality 	UNK
same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it 	UNK
split up so that it can do even more damage 	UNK
high crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience . 	UNK
for proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls 	UNK
the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation 	UNK
the lively intelligence 	UNK
reasonably intelligent 	UNK
until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity . 	UNK
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case 	UNK
is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure 	UNK
warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . 	UNK
just sneers 	UNK
inspirational prep-school professors 	UNK
congrats disney on a job 	UNK
collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension 	UNK
dull 	UNK
irritatingly 	UNK
originality , humor and pathos 	UNK
more mature 	UNK
botching 	UNK
the concentration 	UNK
skillful and 	UNK
's such a mechanical endeavor ( that ) it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it 	UNK
the dead ( water ) weight of the other 	UNK
fallen 	UNK
rude and crude humor 	UNK
can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace . 	UNK
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding 	UNK
a choppy , surface-effect feeling 	UNK
, but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds . 	UNK
it ) comes off like a hallmark commercial 	UNK
something original 	UNK
it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness 	UNK
cause parents a few sleepless hours 	UNK
truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy 	UNK
he has at least one more story to tell : his own . 	UNK
grief drives her 	UNK
constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination 	UNK
an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty . 	UNK
is n't . 	UNK
though there are many tense scenes in trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful . 	UNK
see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one 	UNK
actor to lead a group of talented friends astray 	UNK
sucking 	UNK
manage to keep things interesting 	UNK
the gorgeous piano 	UNK
acumen 	UNK
and paper-thin supporting characters 	UNK
won 	UNK
any reasonably creative eighth-grader 	UNK
eloquent clarity 	UNK
figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either 	UNK
it may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding 	UNK
happens to be that rarity among sequels 	UNK
the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself 	UNK
wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk 	UNK
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film . 	UNK
that do n't care about being stupid 	UNK
this movie just goes on and on and on and on 	UNK
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , 	UNK
a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives . 	UNK
that it 's offensive 	UNK
even though i could not stand them 	UNK
an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character 	UNK
prime 	UNK
taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all 	UNK
has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , 	UNK
watchable 	UNK
rise above its disgusting source material 	UNK
to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll 	UNK
are certainly welcome 	UNK
fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees . 	UNK
its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves 	UNK
of nazi politics and aesthetics 	UNK
treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures 	UNK
presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care 	UNK
adults behave like kids 	UNK
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy 	UNK
rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue . 	UNK
both inspiring and pure joy 	UNK
every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 	UNK
shame americans 	UNK
uncomfortable movie 	UNK
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs 	UNK
handheld 	UNK
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' 	UNK
b.s. one another 	UNK
exquisitely performed 	UNK
a live-wire film 	UNK
if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster . 	UNK
a funny little movie 	UNK
crudity 	UNK
that only self-aware neurotics engage in 	UNK
the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy 	UNK
before the plot kicks into gear 	UNK
is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins . 	UNK
uninspired story 	UNK
the movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it . 	UNK
comedy goes 	UNK
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say 	UNK
low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes 	UNK
taking them 	UNK
blown 	UNK
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , 	UNK
been there , done that , liked it much better 	UNK
on mgm 's shelf 	UNK
of denial 	UNK
wow 	UNK
from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather 	UNK
dripping with cliche and 	UNK
she 's pretty and 	UNK
narcissism and self-congratulation 	UNK
a compelling yarn , but not quite a 	UNK
nuanced a robert de niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 	UNK
immensely 	UNK
about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family 	UNK
offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux . 	UNK
have fun in this cinematic sandbox 	UNK
children and adults enamored of all things pokemon 	UNK
for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese 's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced . 	UNK
casual filmgoers 	UNK
poor hermocrates and leontine 	UNK
rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic . 	UNK
who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship 	UNK
irredeemably awful . 	UNK
deeply touching melodrama 	UNK
for industrial-model meat freezers 	UNK
deliver 	UNK
... an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller . 	UNK
no aspirations 	UNK
sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story 	UNK
mildly engaging central romance 	UNK
carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . ' 	UNK
his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles 	UNK
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time . 	UNK
gripping and 	UNK
figures prominently in this movie , 	UNK
's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary 	UNK
middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics 	UNK
blaxploitation 	UNK
is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs . 	UNK
at their noble endeavor 	UNK
is so bad , 	UNK
of one man 's quest to be president 	UNK
know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or 	UNK
that it 's inauthentic at its core 	UNK
's brilliant 	UNK
the quirky and recessive charms 	UNK
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , 	UNK
valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone 	UNK
, unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness 	UNK
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . ' 	UNK
parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit 	UNK
pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away 	UNK
this mess 	UNK
of obnoxious 	UNK
find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash 	UNK
feels at odds with the rest of the film 	UNK
to lend some dignity to a dumb story 	UNK
stress ` dumb . ' 	UNK
inane , humorless and under-inspired 	UNK
the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this . 	UNK
a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system 	UNK
something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense 	UNK
rote drivel 	UNK
rough-hewn vanity project 	UNK
the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers 	UNK
subtlety and warmth 	UNK
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated 	UNK
-- do n't worry 	UNK
shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary 	UNK
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) is that it 's not as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered . 	UNK
often intense character study 	UNK
work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative 	UNK
of whimsy 	UNK
good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again 	UNK
a funny no-brainer 	UNK
in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances 	UNK
satire and unabashed sweetness 	UNK
inconclusive ending 	UNK
strong directorial stamp 	UNK
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life 	UNK
cool . 	UNK
not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like 	UNK
the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . '' 	UNK
as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice 	UNK
astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap 	UNK
leatherbound 	UNK
, i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . 	UNK
the film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once . 	UNK
the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about . 	UNK
the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them . 	UNK
adaptation 's success 	UNK
genitals 	UNK
nearly epic 	UNK
the bottom line with nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it . 	UNK
proceeds to flop 	UNK
a fine , 	UNK
an odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy 	UNK
kind of terrific 	UNK
intricate preciseness 	UNK
his most personal 	UNK
well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts . 	UNK
, the emperor 's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . 	UNK
jolie 's hideous yellow 	UNK
made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such 	UNK
disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel 	UNK
will leave fans clamoring for another ride 	UNK
their perceptiveness about their own situations 	UNK
fuse at least three dull plots 	UNK
notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness 	UNK
be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain 	UNK
becomes distasteful and downright creepy 	UNK
terrific story 	UNK
if you think it 's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes , then you 'll enjoy the hot chick . 	UNK
garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man 	UNK
you 're too interested to care . 	UNK
is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import 	UNK
biased 	UNK
warm , fuzzy 	UNK
's funny , 	UNK
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , 	UNK
the charm and little 	UNK
the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control . 	UNK
obsessive love 	UNK
of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic 	UNK
there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye . 	UNK
it could have been something special 	UNK
works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely 	UNK
because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie 	UNK
feel my eyelids ... getting ... very 	UNK
is frequently overwrought and crudely literal 	UNK
works so well 	UNK
is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre 	UNK
this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful . 	UNK
appalling , 	UNK
interested in entertaining itself 	UNK
a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion 	UNK
is wise 	UNK
its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work 	UNK
himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success . 	UNK
vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny 	UNK
an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture 	UNK
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... 	UNK
serenity 	UNK
funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot 	UNK
a radiant character portrait 	UNK
schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view . 	UNK
most unpleasant things 	UNK
psychotic 	UNK
just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience . 	UNK
to the head of the class of women 's films 	UNK
psychological thriller 	UNK
the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution . 	UNK
its sense of fun or energy 	UNK
an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake . 	UNK
could have -- should have -- been allowed 	UNK
sade achieves the near-impossible 	UNK
makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks 	UNK
pretend the whole thing never existed 	UNK
rip off 	UNK
better than sorcerer 's stone 	UNK
is beautiful 	UNK
hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry . 	UNK
decides 	UNK
cold , nervy and memorable . 	UNK
making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives 	UNK
british comedy 	UNK
brilliant motion picture 	UNK
's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... 	UNK
see this movie with my sisters 	UNK
amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's 	UNK
the most entertaining moments 	UNK
to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally 	UNK
compelling dramatic means 	UNK
its sheer dynamism 	UNK
reveals itself 	UNK
large rewards 	UNK
freely 	UNK
easily accessible stories 	UNK
sulky teen drama and 	UNK
sports-movie triumph 	UNK
knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade 	UNK
with some laughs and a smile 	UNK
a smutty guilty pleasure 	UNK
none of them are ever any good 	UNK
this is n't a new idea . 	UNK
it 's true 	UNK
to be too great 	UNK
there 's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity . 	UNK
a powerful look at a failure of our justice system 	UNK
both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting 	UNK
sleep-inducing thriller 	UNK
delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance 	UNK
warned 	UNK
the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog 	UNK
adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining . 	UNK
is more in love with strangeness than excellence . 	UNK
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and 	UNK
an unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas . 	UNK
scariest movie 	UNK
, duty and friendship 	UNK
tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage 	UNK
all the stomach-turning violence 	UNK
hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness 	UNK
uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest 	UNK
its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case 	UNK
are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching 	UNK
is worth searching out . 	UNK
the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids 	UNK
workmanlike in the extreme 	UNK
this movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch . 	UNK
each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but 	UNK
you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins 	UNK
other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap 	UNK
strays past the two and a half mark 	UNK
marcus adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture 	UNK
dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances 	UNK
cinematic tragedies 	UNK
, ` blade ii ' just does n't cut it 	UNK
a much funnier film with a similar theme 	UNK
hyper-realistic images 	UNK
a stylish cast 	UNK
wondrous love story 	UNK
charming result 	UNK
emotional depth 	UNK
disney 's great past 	UNK
life-altering 	UNK
sneaks up on you 	UNK
find little of interest 	UNK
davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy 	UNK
among the best films of the year 	UNK
goofy way 	UNK
a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect 	UNK
between realistic characters 	UNK
a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario 	UNK
driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' 	UNK
lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception . 	UNK
at cheapening it 	UNK
're just a couple of cops in copmovieland , these two 	UNK
's not too much of anything . 	UNK
it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch . 	UNK
far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise 	UNK
riveted to our seats 	UNK
as their natural instinct for self-preservation 	UNK
of the delusional personality type 	UNK
that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself 	UNK
be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness 	UNK
hitting below the belt 	UNK
at once both refreshingly different and 	UNK
in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie 	UNK
brought to life on the big screen . 	UNK
poor editing , bad bluescreen 	UNK
sparse but oddly compelling 	UNK
it 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss . 	UNK
nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining . 	UNK
as another key contribution 	UNK
provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . 	UNK
subzero version 	UNK
gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful . 	UNK
shows that jackie chan is getting older , and that 's something i would rather live in denial about 	UNK
of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) 	UNK
it 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long . 	UNK
nothing 's happening 	UNK
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . 	UNK
to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion 	UNK
the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing 	UNK
full of life and small delights -- 	UNK
to imagine acting that could be any flatter 	UNK
a well-deserved reputation 	UNK
the rotting underbelly of middle america 	UNK
remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics 	UNK
the working 	UNK
such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project 	UNK
magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy 	UNK
impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial 	UNK
good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone 	UNK
a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking 	UNK
the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt 	UNK
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas . 	UNK
newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style 	UNK
the most unpleasant things 	UNK
believable and 	UNK
's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good . 	UNK
heartwarming 	UNK
's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd 	UNK
a pleasant and engaging enough 	UNK
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking 	UNK
awarded mythic status in contemporary culture 	UNK
because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length 	UNK
funny stuff 	UNK
's face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument 	UNK
every note rings false . 	UNK
a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or 	UNK
a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese 	UNK
brought down 	UNK
's also somewhat clumsy . 	UNK
i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further . 	UNK
have been kind enough to share it 	UNK
a huge mess 	UNK
quiet 	UNK
time stinker 	UNK
will win you over , in a big way 	UNK
, it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later . 	UNK
something impressive and yet lacking about everything 	UNK
a fascinating study of isolation and frustration 	UNK
have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking 	UNK
raw emotion 	UNK
wholesome fantasy 	UNK
( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it . 	UNK
will be occupied for 72 minutes . 	UNK
an unmistakable , easy joie 	UNK
odd and 	UNK
is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , 	UNK
you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge 	UNK
egypt from 1998 	UNK
is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) 	UNK
a certain robustness 	UNK
some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and heaven is one such beast . 	UNK
only dull 	UNK
the amateurish 	UNK
, but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés . 	UNK
thanks 	UNK
a load of good 	UNK
a semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it . 	UNK
's always disappointing 	UNK
to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned 	UNK
feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama 	UNK
as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 	UNK
leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama . 	UNK
a compelling look 	UNK
in some delightful work on indie projects 	UNK
gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls . 	UNK
and much better 	UNK
whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid 	UNK
understands the grandness of romance 	UNK
seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . 	UNK
through a prism 	UNK
as daring as john ritter 's glory days 	UNK
is one that should be thrown back in the river 	UNK
moron 	UNK
overladen 	UNK
as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough 	UNK
the powder blues and sun-splashed whites of tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs . 	UNK
home alabama 	UNK
after sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work . 	UNK
might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill 	UNK
a reasonable degree 	UNK
first and foremost ... the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings . 	UNK
is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original . 	UNK
the worst in otherwise talented actors 	UNK
flawed 	UNK
a conventional but heartwarming tale 	UNK
of strong voices 	UNK
the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes 	UNK
how both evolve 	UNK
one of the worst films of 2002 	UNK
to merely bad rather than painfully awful 	UNK
is handsome 	UNK
mostly martha is mostly unsurprising 	UNK
in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 	UNK
growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and 	UNK
a total misfire 	UNK
turn it off 	UNK
sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life 	UNK
another first-rate performance 	UNK
excellent latin actors 	UNK
frighteningly fascinating 	UNK
and dreary piece 	UNK
a mall movie designed to kill time 	UNK
relatively nothing 	UNK
after all , it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies . 	UNK
hideous yellow 	UNK
a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music . 	UNK
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . 	UNK
found his groove 	UNK
dimness 	UNK
simply a re-hash of the other seven films 	UNK
the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film 	UNK
this is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm . 	UNK
represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema . 	UNK
spiteful idiots 	UNK
a horrible movie 	UNK
a consistent embracing humanity 	UNK
the theater wondering why these people mattered 	UNK
powerful and astonishingly vivid 	UNK
fright 	UNK
should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans 	UNK
a larger-than-life figure 	UNK
that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people 	UNK
this action-thriller/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage . 	UNK
ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations . 	UNK
wonderful creatures 	UNK
stay for the credits 	UNK
the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget 	UNK
's because relatively nothing happens . 	UNK
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose 	UNK
restage the whole thing 	UNK
characteristically startling visual style 	UNK
ultimately satisfying 	UNK
, mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick . 	UNK
having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded 	UNK
a country skunk 	UNK
revitalize 	UNK
showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 	UNK
palatable presentation 	UNK
to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools 	UNK
camouflaging grotesque narcissism 	UNK
when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars 	UNK
enjoy this movie 	UNK
to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own 	UNK
( i ) t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , 	UNK
the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them 	UNK
in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake 	UNK
as the worst kind of hubristic folly 	UNK
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place 	UNK
refused to gel 	UNK
's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming 	UNK
metropolis is a feast for the eyes . 	UNK
if the film is well-crafted and this one is 	UNK
is reliable 	UNK
in fact , even better 	UNK
the early and middle passages 	UNK
it falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose 	UNK
allowing us to find the small , human moments , and 	UNK
an eminently engrossing film 	UNK
timeless spectacle 	UNK
comic chiller 	UNK
of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain 	UNK
one thing 's for sure -- if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head 	UNK
a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings 	UNK
greatest adventure 	UNK
comeback 	UNK
fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster 	UNK
resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors 	UNK
very distinctive sensibility 	UNK
an after school special 	UNK
with their charisma 	UNK
are well done and perfectly 	UNK
this cliche pileup 	UNK
too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff 	UNK
it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered 	UNK
go rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance 	UNK
this is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground . 	UNK
a dazzling dream 	UNK
enjoy themselves 	UNK
genre cliches 	UNK
satisfies with its moving story 	UNK
the cinematic equivalent 	UNK
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters . 	UNK
be funny , uplifting and moving , 	UNK
the movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure . 	UNK
cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists 	UNK
a great companion piece to other napoleon films 	UNK
a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed 	UNK
decent-enough nail-biter 	UNK
picture that does not move . 	UNK
engrossing melodrama 	UNK
as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia 	UNK
film : honest 	UNK
`` minority report '' astounds . 	UNK
, as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , 	UNK
serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , 	UNK
wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare 	UNK
too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman 	UNK
is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition . 	UNK
there surrender $ 9 and 	UNK
seem authentic 	UNK
heartwarming and 	UNK
bust 	UNK
` grandeur ' shots 	UNK
, the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . 	UNK
being wickedly funny and just plain wicked 	UNK
... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot . 	UNK
to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street 	UNK
new york locales and sharp writing 	UNK
evolve 	UNK
united states 	UNK
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience 	UNK
exercise in style and mystification . 	UNK
a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing 	UNK
to conceive anyone else in their roles 	UNK
broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs . 	UNK
fewer gags to break the tedium 	UNK
dodge 	UNK
trying to get out 	UNK
that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another 	UNK
is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences . 	UNK
come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick . 	UNK
dark pit 	UNK
honored screen veteran 	UNK
realized on the screen 	UNK
is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness . 	UNK
finds a nice rhythm 	UNK
which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience 	UNK
a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home 	UNK
to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny 	UNK
mysterious , 	UNK
conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- 	UNK
gives devastating testimony 	UNK
whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth 	UNK
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest . 	UNK
this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness . 	UNK
cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny . 	UNK
is a great film 	UNK
wonder . 	UNK
the actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face . 	UNK
the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 	UNK
the holes in this film remain agape 	UNK
coy but exhilarating 	UNK
whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . 	UNK
brutally clueless 	UNK
with pointless extremes 	UNK
irreconcilable 	UNK
leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love . 	UNK
sensual and 	UNK
winning , heartwarming yarn 	UNK
assault 	UNK
it is clearly a good thing . 	UNK
suspenseful argentinian thriller 	UNK
more colorful , more playful tone 	UNK
will anyone who is n't a fangoria subscriber be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ? 	UNK
of hopeful 	UNK
is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . 	UNK
wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse 	UNK
weak script 	UNK
you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits 	UNK
becomes a sermon for most of its running time . 	UNK
damning and damned compelling . 	UNK
the five writers 	UNK
any fiction 	UNK
, decisive moments 	UNK
blue crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought . 	UNK
did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ? 	UNK
'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 	UNK
worthy substitute 	UNK
its plot contrivances 	UNK
allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier 	UNK
does sound promising in theory 	UNK
this cinderella story 	UNK
` in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . ' 	UNK
slopped 	UNK
smeary and blurry , 	UNK
a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening 	UNK
the less charitable might describe as a castrated 	UNK
the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks 	UNK
-- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness 	UNK
a visual delight and 	UNK
for originality of plot 	UNK
jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama . 	UNK
could force you to scratch a hole in your head 	UNK
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort . 	UNK
, surprising romance 	UNK
preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera . 	UNK
detailed down to the signs on the kiosks 	UNK
palpable chemistry 	UNK
captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics . 	UNK
is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and 	UNK
makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment 	UNK
broad racial insensitivity 	UNK
my enjoyment 	UNK
these two literary figures , and even the times 	UNK
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and 	UNK
despite its sincere acting , signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype . 	UNK
a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- 	UNK
freakshow 	UNK
authentically 	UNK
every single scene 	UNK
salvation 	UNK
that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries 	UNK
this movie proves you wrong on both counts . 	UNK
jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , 	UNK
, truly bad 	UNK
whole package 	UNK
moldering 	UNK
of animation enthusiasts of all ages 	UNK
possibilities 	UNK
complete lack 	UNK
when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters 	UNK
transcend its clever concept 	UNK
is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force . 	UNK
carries us effortlessly from darkness 	UNK
make gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience 	UNK
can find humor 	UNK
a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd . 	UNK
first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting . 	UNK
infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart 	UNK
delivers the goods 	UNK
has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative 	UNK
rich and exciting 	UNK
there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . 	UNK
stock footage 	UNK
intelligent and 	UNK
to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore 	UNK
the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus . 	UNK
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin . 	UNK
can take credit for most of the movie 's success 	UNK
achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity 	UNK
desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics . 	UNK
an enjoyable trifle 	UNK
it winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say . 	UNK
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , 	UNK
you 're willing to have fun with it 	UNK
is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt . 	UNK
will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories 	UNK
proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 	UNK
a tale worth catching 	UNK
i 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' 	UNK
allows americans to finally revel in its splendor 	UNK
it offers large rewards 	UNK
they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . 	UNK
usual fluttering and stammering 	UNK
mr. scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated . 	UNK
made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire 	UNK
its courage , ideas 	UNK
stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about . 	UNK
klein , charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election , 	UNK
its welcome with audiences several years 	UNK
rival 	UNK
pure composition and 	UNK
share no chemistry or engaging charisma . 	UNK
makes for a touching love story , 	UNK
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore . 	UNK
a meaty subject 	UNK
does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity 	UNK
birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters . 	UNK
exploitation picture 	UNK
here leaves a lot to be desired 	UNK
pathetically 	UNK
superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen . 	UNK
goofiest 	UNK
strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 	UNK
from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists 	UNK
its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion 	UNK
exposé , the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining . 	UNK
is definitely horse feathers 	UNK
parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . ' 	UNK
be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around 	UNK
cute alien creature 	UNK
to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had 	UNK
all the small moments and flashbacks 	UNK
comfort 	UNK
entertaining two hours 	UNK
in a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting . 	UNK
a wonderful , imaginative script 	UNK
just how bad 	UNK
find love in the most unlikely place 	UNK
extremely flat lead performance 	UNK
-- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english 	UNK
character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller 	UNK
with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn 	UNK
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is 	UNK
the scariest movie 	UNK
sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron 	UNK
fling 	UNK
thinking man 	UNK
ingenious and often harrowing 	UNK
revenge-of-the-nerds clichés 	UNK
takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours . 	UNK
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn 	UNK
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc . 	UNK
after next 	UNK
is predictable at every turn . 	UNK
boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness 	UNK
a vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior . 	UNK
the wit and revolutionary spirit 	UNK
about each other against all odds 	UNK
all that matters 	UNK
even if you do n't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why . 	UNK
odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic 	UNK
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea 	UNK
this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 	UNK
content and narrative strength 	UNK
it 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns . 	UNK
wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial 	UNK
a grand tour 	UNK
its clumsiness as its own most damning censure 	UNK
blasphemous and 	UNK
gore for suspense . 	UNK
shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting 	UNK
it forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling 	UNK
should drop everything and run to ichi 	UNK
gutsy 	UNK
, i can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it . 	UNK
never thought i 'd say this 	UNK
strong and 	UNK
a 20-car pileup 	UNK
tiresome nature 	UNK
this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen . 	UNK
a fresh infusion 	UNK
good , dry , reliable textbook 	UNK
pitiful 	UNK
that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary 	UNK
expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time 	UNK
getting a more mature body 	UNK
hilarious dialogue 	UNK
little revision works 	UNK
about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth 	UNK
, the hours represents two of those well spent 	UNK
with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie 	UNK
, combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture 	UNK
faked 	UNK
predictable plotting 	UNK
it 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior 	UNK
story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material 	UNK
the best films of the year 	UNK
loss and loneliness 	UNK
adorable 	UNK
masterfully calibrated 	UNK
nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor 	UNK
into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes 	UNK
's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is 	UNK
intense , claustrophobic 	UNK
more compelling 	UNK
an established filmmaker 	UNK
hollywood romance 	UNK
is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material 	UNK
an intriguing species 	UNK
beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates . 	UNK
with added depth and resonance 	UNK
one of the best films 	UNK
the allegory with remarkable skill 	UNK
has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels 	UNK
offbeat sensibilities 	UNK
a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore 	UNK
like the work of someone 	UNK
strikes hardest 	UNK
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and 	UNK
is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground . 	UNK
mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted . 	UNK
inelegant 	UNK
gedeck 	UNK
or `` suck '' 	UNK
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film . 	UNK
succumbs to gravity and plummets 	UNK
is ( cattaneo ) sophomore slump 	UNK
comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited 	UNK
provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . 	UNK
, sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness . 	UNK
green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that 	UNK
's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over 	UNK
that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie 	UNK
comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter 	UNK
various amusing sidekicks 	UNK
deeply out of place in what could have 	UNK
director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood 	UNK
be well worth your time 	UNK
are sweet and believable , and 	UNK
forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone 	UNK
it pretends to investigate 	UNK
it 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name . 	UNK
viva le resistance 	UNK
magnificent directorial career 	UNK
won -- and wins still 	UNK
niro performance 	UNK
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists 	UNK
, energetic and sweetly whimsical 	UNK
his imagination so vivid 	UNK
its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation 	UNK
timely and 	UNK
is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations 	UNK
an important movie , or even a good one 	UNK
be bad 	UNK
evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while . 	UNK
, point and purpose 	UNK
put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life . 	UNK
ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting 	UNK
all the sibling rivalry and 	UNK
the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice 	UNK
his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family 	UNK
is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors 	UNK
you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around . 	UNK
sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that 	UNK
moving , and adventurous directorial debut 	UNK
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched . 	UNK
the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism 	UNK
the most compelling performance 	UNK
dangerous and domineering 	UNK
too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style 	UNK
spell things out for viewers 	UNK
offbeat humor , amusing characters , and 	UNK
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven . 	UNK
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it 	UNK
slow pacing 	UNK
crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction . 	UNK
suits the script 	UNK
are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d . 	UNK
a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie 	UNK
it 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow . 	UNK
a spiritual aspect 	UNK
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie 	UNK
try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment . 	UNK
spare but quietly effective retelling . 	UNK
both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 	UNK
one fantastic visual trope 	UNK
maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is 	UNK
a trend 	UNK
sad but endearing 	UNK
... also one of the most curiously depressing 	UNK
gushing 	UNK
are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d 	UNK
easily 	UNK
has no clue about making a movie 	UNK
would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 	UNK
scummy 	UNK
low comedy 	UNK
sham actor workshops and an affected malaise 	UNK
required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come 	UNK
phoney-feeling 	UNK
might be intolerable company 	UNK
will surely be profane , politically 	UNK
exceptional film 	UNK
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others . 	UNK
dying for this kind of entertainment 	UNK
flows as naturally 	UNK
i have to admit i walked out of runteldat . 	UNK
queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame . 	UNK
with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names 	UNK
, 91-minute trailer 	UNK
are often funny fanatics 	UNK
of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar 	UNK
tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense . 	UNK
d ) 	UNK
with an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera , hélène angel is definitely a director to watch . 	UNK
is familiar but enjoyable 	UNK
in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay 	UNK
a wooden delivery 	UNK
with superb performances throughout 	UNK
villain 	UNK
as an actress in a role 	UNK
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as katzenberg 's the prince of egypt from 1998 . 	UNK
tawdry b-movie scum 	UNK
that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film 	UNK
family-friendly 	UNK
kudos to the most enchanting film of the year 	UNK
precious circumstances 	UNK
the lengths 	UNK
marveling 	UNK
for the better 	UNK
figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats 	UNK
`` real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams . 	UNK
to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years 	UNK
what 's invigorating about 	UNK
must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride 	UNK
has no character , loveable or otherwise 	UNK
who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films 	UNK
hate myself most mornings . 	UNK
cho 's latest comic set 	UNK
invaluable historical document thanks 	UNK
the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine 	UNK
even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player 	UNK
's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly 	UNK
resembling humor 	UNK
comes off like a hallmark commercial 	UNK
of that special fishy community 	UNK
clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . 	UNK
throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue 	UNK
talented and notorious subject 	UNK
the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . 	UNK
to find an old flame 	UNK
gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game . 	UNK
come away thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another 	UNK
ploddingly sociological 	UNK
a funny moment or 	UNK
the real triumphs in igby come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron . 	UNK
an enthralling aesthetic experience 	UNK
the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker help overcome the problematic script . 	UNK
topics that could make a sailor blush 	UNK
heaven 	UNK
proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery 	UNK
do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are 	UNK
filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another 	UNK
readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention 	UNK
evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking . 	UNK
never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence 	UNK
its characters ' decisions 	UNK
great pleasure 	UNK
household name 	UNK
is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe . 	UNK
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic . 	UNK
has something interesting to say 	UNK
sell many records 	UNK
the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all 	UNK
that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women 	UNK
has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing . 	UNK
the film 's shortcomings 	UNK
's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do . 	UNK
follows the formula , 	UNK
that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise 	UNK
in a big corner office in hell 	UNK
cute partnership 	UNK
gets you riled up 	UNK
may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all 	UNK
( jeff 's ) gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent . 	UNK
inadvertent 	UNK
generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters 	UNK
before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy 	UNK
emptiness and 	UNK
hokum but 	UNK
worthless 	UNK
of a paint-by-numbers picture 	UNK
grin 	UNK
, you might soon be looking for a sign . 	UNK
the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery . 	UNK
that he forgets to make it entertaining 	UNK
watch with kids and use to introduce video as art 	UNK
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment 	UNK
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome 	UNK
far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins 	UNK
must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans 	UNK
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling 	UNK
the kind of energy it 's documenting 	UNK
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , 	UNK
sharper 	UNK
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , 	UNK
wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller 	UNK
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and chaykin and headly are priceless 	UNK
colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... 	UNK
represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe . 	UNK
the best actors 	UNK
bad reviews 	UNK
petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script 	UNK
the charms 	UNK
caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty 	UNK
early work 	UNK
ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling 	UNK
their memorable and resourceful performances 	UNK
into one terrific story with lots of laughs 	UNK
steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas ' wounded and wounding uncle ralph 	UNK
engrossing and grim 	UNK
it drowns in sap . 	UNK
do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic 	UNK
purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something 	UNK
the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman 	UNK
moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured . 	UNK
with this masterful 	UNK
remind us 	UNK
a rather listless amble down 	UNK
is not , nor will he be , back 	UNK
no way original 	UNK
of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids 	UNK
`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws 	UNK
bona fide 	UNK
an inventive , 	UNK
shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels 	UNK
cult favorite 	UNK
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . ' 	UNK
bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling 	UNK
somber , absurd , 	UNK
convey a tiny sense of hope 	UNK
may marginally enjoy the film 	UNK
deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies 	UNK
many ways the perfect festival film : 	UNK
a question for philosophers , not filmmakers 	UNK
hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 	UNK
with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it 	UNK
just how much more grueling and time-consuming 	UNK
to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen 	UNK
with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes 	UNK
wizened 	UNK
it drags 	UNK
throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh . 	UNK
characterization , poignancy , and intelligence 	UNK
, kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years . 	UNK
`` pretty woman '' wanted to be 	UNK
arduous 	UNK
suspense , 	UNK
barely tolerable 	UNK
their shallow styles 	UNK
a brilliant motion picture 	UNK
buoyant feeling 	UNK
falls somewhat short 	UNK
one of the worst movies of one year 	UNK
that never springs to life 	UNK
, it has some problems 	UNK
brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel 	UNK
, desiccated talent 	UNK
mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress 	UNK
with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . 	UNK
sharp objects 	UNK
are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal 	UNK
will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then 	UNK
it 's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime . 	UNK
begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain . 	UNK
the deliberate , tiresome ugliness 	UNK
a sterling ensemble cast 	UNK
they may be as history 	UNK
guarantee 	UNK
we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . 	UNK
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself . 	UNK
the only problem 	UNK
quite enough of them 	UNK
this is n't exactly profound cinema , but 	UNK
will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one 	UNK
asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in 	UNK
comic set 	UNK
certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either . 	UNK
is reasonably entertaining 	UNK
left on a remote shelf 	UNK
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and 	UNK
deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell 	UNK
such clarity 	UNK
've completely lowered your entertainment standards 	UNK
an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation 	UNK
major waste 	UNK
their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes . 	UNK
like to ride bikes 	UNK
sincere and artful 	UNK
a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 	UNK
soulful gravity 	UNK
mindless without being the peak of all things insipid 	UNK
is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses . 	UNK
better celebration 	UNK
slick production values 	UNK
its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy . 	UNK
is fully formed and remarkably assured 	UNK
line between passion and pretence . 	UNK
undisputed scores a direct hit . 	UNK
people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it 	UNK
to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget 	UNK
profound cinema 	UNK
in spite of its predictability 	UNK
flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 	UNK
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry 	UNK
is sentimental 	UNK
pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve 	UNK
go but down 	UNK
too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice 	UNK
a feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about . 	UNK
sets out 	UNK
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while 	UNK
aging sandeman 	UNK
tinny self-righteousness 	UNK
happy 	UNK
achieve 	UNK
'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about . 	UNK
it 's hardly watchable 	UNK
one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison . 	UNK
twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster 	UNK
here the love scenes all end in someone screaming . 	UNK
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack 	UNK
goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering 	UNK
lilo & stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan 	UNK
'' is never lethargic 	UNK
can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art 	UNK
is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . 	UNK
all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another 	UNK
rousing , 	UNK
stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory 	UNK
even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities . 	UNK
for children 	UNK
very predictable 	UNK
bad rock concert 	UNK
for those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed . 	UNK
elaborate continuation 	UNK
was a freshman fluke 	UNK
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant . 	UNK
ill-fitting 	UNK
watch these two 	UNK
to be distasteful to children and adults alike 	UNK
most breezy movie 	UNK
a cruel deception 	UNK
hated myself in the morning 	UNK
but darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats . 	UNK
seem so impersonal or even shallow 	UNK
the strength 	UNK
just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective . 	UNK
one very funny joke and 	UNK
's pathetic 	UNK
that it 's the butt of its own joke 	UNK
drowned me in boredom 	UNK
to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year 	UNK
ambitious film 	UNK
not remotely incisive enough 	UNK
's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor . 	UNK
terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project 	UNK
it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre . 	UNK
's just plain lurid 	UNK
spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed . 	UNK
bad animation and mindless violence 	UNK
academic 	UNK
preposterous , prurient 	UNK
workmanlike 	UNK
be drawn in by the sympathetic characters 	UNK
of love that strikes a very resonant chord 	UNK
of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic 	UNK
the tale with bogus profundities 	UNK
a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical 	UNK
` moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . ' 	UNK
a well-made pb & j sandwich 	UNK
mediocre special effects 	UNK
's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot . 	UNK
british stage icon 	UNK
has a film 's title served such dire warning . 	UNK
that was n't at least watchable 	UNK
lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants 	UNK
if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey . 	UNK
it 's icky . 	UNK
has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope 	UNK
's a brazenly misguided project 	UNK
character-driven storytelling 	UNK
every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy . 	UNK
it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy 	UNK
trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge 	UNK
can not engage . 	UNK
this is one baaaaaaaaad movie . 	UNK
but no sense of pride or shame 	UNK
like their characters 	UNK
illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , 	UNK
unsentimental 	UNK
elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior 	UNK
an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind 	UNK
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time 	UNK
is a tribute 	UNK
comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness 	UNK
the irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb 	UNK
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome . 	UNK
it 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style . 	UNK
campanella 's competent direction 	UNK
sparkling 	UNK
for its sheer audacity and openness 	UNK
farce and blood-curdling family intensity 	UNK
that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything 	UNK
restrained and 	UNK
entertaining british hybrid 	UNK
coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings 	UNK
the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy 	UNK
a hoot 	UNK
something has been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise . 	UNK
to dumb down the universe 	UNK
no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out 	UNK
a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper 	UNK
the very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure 	UNK
shameful 	UNK
too narrow to attract crossover viewers 	UNK
inspiring 	UNK
disastrous 	UNK
relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius 	UNK
the animation and game phenomenon 	UNK
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , 	UNK
backwater 	UNK
it 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters . 	UNK
an expiration date passed a long time ago 	UNK
sexy , surprising romance 	UNK
enjoyed themselves 	UNK
everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy 	UNK
may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark 	UNK
they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about . 	UNK
this film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own . 	UNK
with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity 	UNK
in other words , about as bad a film 	UNK
a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it 	UNK
's just tediously bad 	UNK
brooding and slow 	UNK
graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box . 	UNK
the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of 	UNK
emotionally satisfying 	UNK
rusted-out 	UNK
have nothing better to do with 94 minutes 	UNK
that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him 	UNK
than a spy thriller like the bourne identity 	UNK
about kicking undead *** 	UNK
sandler is losing his touch 	UNK
build a feel-good fantasy 	UNK
who does n't think about percentages all day long 	UNK
generally smart casting 	UNK
fails to keep it up and 	UNK
stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise 	UNK
just another teen movie 	UNK
that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most 	UNK
lovely 	UNK
did they not 	UNK
is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter 	UNK
is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable 	UNK
's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie 	UNK
was so endlessly , grotesquely , 	UNK
that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all 	UNK
while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , 	UNK
yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ... 	UNK
not , difficult and sad 	UNK
curves 	UNK
... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting . 	UNK
is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll . 	UNK
made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences 	UNK
the heart and 	UNK
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and 	UNK
lulls you 	UNK
it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles . 	UNK
weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids 	UNK
sorrow 	UNK
completely creatively stillborn and 	UNK
occasionally interesting 	UNK
of a very lively dream 	UNK
's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism . 	UNK
transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem 	UNK
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over 	UNK
enthusiastically 	UNK
give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip 	UNK
some effecting moments 	UNK
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph . 	UNK
on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee 	UNK
then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear . 	UNK
adding the rich details and 	UNK
affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror 	UNK
caddyshack 	UNK
is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out 	UNK
it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s 	UNK
too bad kramer 	UNK
it 's quite diverting nonsense . 	UNK
laugh therapy ' 	UNK
goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises . 	UNK
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages 	UNK
a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads 	UNK
of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma 	UNK
independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood 	UNK
that led to their notorious rise to infamy 	UNK
lustrous 	UNK
, intimate and intelligent 	UNK
it 's all bluster and cliché 	UNK
is so thoughtlessly assembled 	UNK
statements and dime-store ruminations 	UNK
repugnant 	UNK
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving . 	UNK
hollow , self-indulgent , 	UNK
a degree of affection rather than 	UNK
weird amalgam 	UNK
greatest hits 	UNK
it is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth . 	UNK
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets 	UNK
definitely worth 95 minutes of your time 	UNK
savagely hilarious 	UNK
valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious 	UNK
not one clever line 	UNK
privileged moments and 	UNK
clever and funny 	UNK
to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt 	UNK
so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar 	UNK
is at 22 a powerful young actor 	UNK
undermining the movie 's reality and 	UNK
comedically labored 	UNK
a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair 	UNK
nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history 	UNK
the masses with star power , a pop-induced score 	UNK
let-down 	UNK
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring . 	UNK
is all over the place , really . 	UNK
well worth 	UNK
one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination 	UNK
just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name . 	UNK
wiggling energy 	UNK
bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery . 	UNK
superb performances throughout 	UNK
scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` gangs '' is never lethargic 	UNK
a worthwhile glimpse 	UNK
is clever and funny , 	UNK
a fairly enjoyable mixture 	UNK
takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point 	UNK
unspeakably , unbearably dull 	UNK
is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters . 	UNK
quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to 	UNK
be madcap farce 	UNK
most edgy 	UNK
an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance . 	UNK
that is often quite rich and exciting 	UNK
jackass 	UNK
of being the big 	UNK
pompous and garbled . 	UNK
oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly 	UNK
were a series of bible parables and not an actual story 	UNK
david letterman and the onion 	UNK
its recent predecessor miserably 	UNK
the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand 	UNK
to the otherwise bleak tale 	UNK
spirit-crushing 	UNK
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and 	UNK
should please history fans 	UNK
the cast is appealing 	UNK
's awfully entertaining to watch 	UNK
as katzenberg 	UNK
be invented to describe exactly how bad it is 	UNK
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic . 	UNK
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull 	UNK
a more measured or polished production 	UNK
worthy addition 	UNK
deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them 	UNK
not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece 	UNK
can be made 	UNK
the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion . 	UNK
a powerful and deeply moving example 	UNK
of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families 	UNK
affirming and heartbreaking 	UNK
crossing-over 	UNK
a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood 's comic-book adaptations . 	UNK
thud 	UNK
the plot ` surprises 	UNK
, self-indulgent and maddening 	UNK
this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that 	UNK
spellbinding fun 	UNK
make the stones weep 	UNK
flat-out amusing , 	UNK
astonishing ... ( frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment . 	UNK
from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material 	UNK
feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time 	UNK
'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve 	UNK
expected flair 	UNK
to his son 's home 	UNK
itself is far from disappointing , offering an original 	UNK
's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend . 	UNK
talented , charismatic and tragically 	UNK
can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music 	UNK
would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris 	UNK
is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm . 	UNK
dramatically forceful 	UNK
content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - 	UNK
its heart 	UNK
exceedingly clever 	UNK
he delivers fascinating psychological fare 	UNK
the ` wow ' factor 	UNK
need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work . 	UNK
feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority 	UNK
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but 	UNK
be seen as hip , winking social commentary 	UNK
make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool 	UNK
have the patience for it 	UNK
unfairly 	UNK
the problem 	UNK
humor 	UNK
keenly observed and refreshingly natural 	UNK
, that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . 	UNK
undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama . 	UNK
just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies . 	UNK
gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare . 	UNK
the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy 	UNK
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are 	UNK
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i 'm not sure 	UNK
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side 	UNK
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . 	UNK
keen eye , sweet spirit 	UNK
gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner . 	UNK
an overall sense of brusqueness 	UNK
with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film 	UNK
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; 	UNK
rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative 	UNK
it has fun with the quirks of family life 	UNK
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and 	UNK
do n't even like their characters . 	UNK
suspenseful enough for older kids but 	UNK
fascinating experiment 	UNK
sleek and arty 	UNK
most alive 	UNK
probing or penetrating 	UNK
as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	UNK
the wild wild west 	UNK
seem like mere splashing around in the muck 	UNK
whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one . 	UNK
do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version . 	UNK
found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound 	UNK
bittersweet 	UNK
silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films . 	UNK
viscerally repellent 	UNK
is a wonderful thing ; 	UNK
semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act . 	UNK
the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious . 	UNK
as-nasty - 	UNK
how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering 	UNK
, two towers outdoes its spectacle . 	UNK
your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door 	UNK
it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; 	UNK
is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism 	UNK
exuberantly 	UNK
of poetry and passion 	UNK
unlaughable 	UNK
it 's good enough to be the purr 	UNK
, dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion . 	UNK
's exactly what these two people need to find each other 	UNK
this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem . 	UNK
plunging deeper 	UNK
to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song 	UNK
what madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and 	UNK
continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision 	UNK
an elegant visual sense and 	UNK
twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style 	UNK
like a glossy rehash 	UNK
wants 	UNK
more emotional force 	UNK
creeps into your heart 	UNK
simplistic and more than a little pretentious 	UNK
of its title character 	UNK
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , 	UNK
at once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge . 	UNK
of good 	UNK
this dubious product of a college-spawned ( colgate u. ) comedy ensemble known as broken lizard plays like a mix of cheech and chong and chips . 	UNK
, let alone funny 	UNK
an extraordinary dramatic experience . 	UNK
splendidly 	UNK
that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans 	UNK
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent 	UNK
the manner of a golden book sprung to life 	UNK
striking a blow for artistic integrity 	UNK
justifies its own existence 	UNK
on the strength of their own cleverness 	UNK
vile 	UNK
time out is as serious as a pink slip . 	UNK
be any flatter 	UNK
most immediate and most obvious pleasure 	UNK
a luis buñuel film 	UNK
wish you had n't seen 	UNK
fussy 	UNK
brutally dry 	UNK
airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . 	UNK
hideous 	UNK
is almost an afterthought 	UNK
medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt 	UNK
feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs . 	UNK
in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears 	UNK
pleasure to watch 	UNK
... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot . 	UNK
french cinema at its best 	UNK
whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply 	UNK
insightful enough 	UNK
lofty 	UNK
the film 's length becomes a part of its fun 	UNK
that offers no easy , comfortable resolution 	UNK
film to drag on for nearly three hours 	UNK
with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic 	UNK
must have been lost in the translation 	UNK
empty exercise 	UNK
predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting 	UNK
disjointed mess 	UNK
emerges as powerful rather than cloying 	UNK
atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation 	UNK
by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out 	UNK
as the most offensive action 	UNK
all end 	UNK
is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often 	UNK
an excellent 90-minute film 	UNK
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece 	UNK
i walked out of runteldat 	UNK
it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... 	UNK
( scherfig ) has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll . 	UNK
wild , endearing , masterful documentary 	UNK
is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins 	UNK
, `` minority report '' astounds . 	UNK
give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once 	UNK
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being 	UNK
comes off winningly , 	UNK
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy 	UNK
on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company 	UNK
can admire 	UNK
wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be 	UNK
, changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight . 	UNK
a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains 	UNK
be numbing 	UNK
credit director ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it 	UNK
this dubious product 	UNK
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts 	UNK
though occasionally fun enough to make you 	UNK
pure disney 	UNK
has a true cinematic knack 	UNK
this laboratory of laughter 	UNK
audacious-impossible yet compelling 	UNK
're treading water at best in this forgettable effort 	UNK
a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn 	UNK
basic flaws 	UNK
this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering . 	UNK
memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and 	UNK
they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood 	UNK
unfunny and 	UNK
wickedly fun 	UNK
romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks 	UNK
there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message 	UNK
, fits the bill perfectly 	UNK
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. . 	UNK
very strong 	UNK
love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has 	UNK
payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran 's electoral process , 	UNK
( stephen ) earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have . 	UNK
qualities 	UNK
almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` the addams family '' to everyone looking in ... `` my big fat greek wedding '' comes from the heart 	UNK
predictable and 	UNK
of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore 	UNK
a bad clive barker movie 	UNK
a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art 	UNK
of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors 	UNK
is nicely shot , well-edited and 	UNK
usual intelligence and subtlety 	UNK
as it stands i 	UNK
which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard 	UNK
is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling 	UNK
rediscover the quivering kid inside 	UNK
the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 	UNK
unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set 	UNK
its agonizing , catch-22 glory 	UNK
the acting is fine 	UNK
a terrible movie in every regard 	UNK
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , 	UNK
of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee 	UNK
i admire 	UNK
if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making 	UNK
compellingly 	UNK
to skip it 	UNK
their charm does n't do a load of good 	UNK
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script 	UNK
coos beseechingly 	UNK
the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar 	UNK
so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits 	UNK
how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , 	UNK
vapid actor 's exercise 	UNK
the divine calling 	UNK
warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level 	UNK
slap me , i saw this movie . 	UNK
to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom 	UNK
this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications . 	UNK
like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story . 	UNK
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters 	UNK
a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle 	UNK
treads heavily into romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going 	UNK
the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus 	UNK
none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal 	UNK
with great help from kevin kline 	UNK
hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it . 	UNK
tov to a film about a family 's joyous life 	UNK
a frightful vanity film 	UNK
, there is n't much there here . 	UNK
uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch 	UNK
for those for whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , hollywood ending is a depressing experience 	UNK
takes a backseat in his own film to special effects 	UNK
words and 	UNK
propaganda 	UNK
stimulate 	UNK
with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit 	UNK
a moving and important film . 	UNK
a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up 	UNK
though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy 	UNK
is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family . 	UNK
beautifully read 	UNK
( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 	UNK
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability 	UNK
dizzy 	UNK
the integrity 	UNK
are as subtle and as enigmatic 	UNK
the year 's greatest adventure , and 	UNK
hilariously , gloriously alive , 	UNK
is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans 	UNK
provocative and prescient 	UNK
we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat . 	UNK
features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair 	UNK
recent hollywood trip tripe 	UNK
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , 	UNK
first 	UNK
struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious 	UNK
even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances 	UNK
never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . 	UNK
a hallucinatory dreamscape 	UNK
put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario 	UNK
fake documentary 	UNK
appeals to you 	UNK
a fiercely clever and subtle film , 	UNK
making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... 	UNK
made for the tube 	UNK
michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear . 	UNK
has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places 	UNK
saccharine as 	UNK
a particularly amateurish episode 	UNK
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices 	UNK
sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff 	UNK
tediously 	UNK
of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day 	UNK
should be punishable by chainsaw 	UNK
that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy . 	UNK
it succeeds . 	UNK
` this movie sucks . ' 	UNK
if there 's no art here , it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days . 	UNK
about as humorous 	UNK
fluffy neo-noir 	UNK
casting excellent latin actors of all ages 	UNK
dramatic punch and depth 	UNK
repulse 	UNK
pleasuring 	UNK
watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises . 	UNK
acclaimed 	UNK
a company of strictly a-list players 	UNK
the cinema world 's great visual stylists 	UNK
the entire exercise has no real point 	UNK
solidly constructed 	UNK
score 	UNK
high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation 	UNK
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but 	UNK
'' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff 	UNK
represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side 	UNK
most moronic 	UNK
murky cinematography 	UNK
is able to visualize schizophrenia 	UNK
this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama 	UNK
brims with passion 	UNK
always fairly 	UNK
for the memorable character creations 	UNK
an extraordinary faith 	UNK
inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack 	UNK
yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . 	UNK
watch and -- especially -- to listen to 	UNK
an interesting slice of history 	UNK
a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones 's diary 	UNK
( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) 	UNK
sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue 	UNK
striking new significance 	UNK
while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part 	UNK
to be mildly amusing 	UNK
grown tired of going where no man has gone before 	UNK
bring out the cake 	UNK
thoughtful , emotional 	UNK
all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity 	UNK
that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence 	UNK
the suspense never rises to a higher level 	UNK
may fall fast asleep 	UNK
of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints 	UNK
a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film 	UNK
dirty jokes 	UNK
, it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days . 	UNK
which ones shtick 	UNK
complaints i might have 	UNK
tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls 	UNK
, unconvincing dramatics 	UNK
no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas . 	UNK
local flavor 	UNK
a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium 	UNK
that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism 	UNK
, someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film . 	UNK
the plot has a number of holes , and 	UNK
build some robots , haul 'em to the theater with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year . 	UNK
a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic 	UNK
a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism 	UNK
, far more meaningful story 	UNK
like a classroom play in a college history course 	UNK
, jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval . 	UNK
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels 	UNK
an enormous amount of affection 	UNK
dress up in drag 	UNK
jersey lowbrow accent uma 	UNK
own style 	UNK
she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain 	UNK
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving 	UNK
'' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year . 	UNK
does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor . 	UNK
touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and 	UNK
creates sheerly cinematic appeal . 	UNK
sense-spinning 	UNK
come to life 	UNK
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense . 	UNK
a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them . 	UNK
, the plot 's saccharine thrust 	UNK
you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch 	UNK
emptiness 	UNK
a rollicking adventure 	UNK
, despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun . 	UNK
denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag 	UNK
is authentic to the core of his being 	UNK
annoying orgy 	UNK
( orlando jones ) 	UNK
overly melodramatic ... 	UNK
often surprising twists 	UNK
bother thinking it all through 	UNK
an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller . 	UNK
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect . 	UNK
wooden dialogue 	UNK
a tedious picture 	UNK
cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you . 	UNK
some truly excellent sequences 	UNK
, satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . 	UNK
even if you 're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor . 	UNK
available 	UNK
abandoned , but 	UNK
very hollowness 	UNK
the rich details 	UNK
exceeds expectations . 	UNK
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious . 	UNK
gifted korean american stand-up 	UNK
the simple fact 	UNK
a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie 	UNK
there is a real subject here 	UNK
the film is competent 	UNK
none-too-original premise 	UNK
for a critical and commercial disaster 	UNK
bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary 	UNK
, flat drama 	UNK
the people laughing in the crowd 	UNK
the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude . 	UNK
is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate . 	UNK
... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself . 	UNK
balanced or fair 	UNK
by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy 	UNK
overbearing and over-the-top as the family 	UNK
unbridled delight 	UNK
my precious new star wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ... 	UNK
miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers . 	UNK
into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell 	UNK
their own mortality 	UNK
a fascinating glimpse 	UNK
an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event 	UNK
new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is . 	UNK
put you to sleep 	UNK
was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights 	UNK
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but 	UNK
puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it 	UNK
what punk rock music 	UNK
might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience 	UNK
images you wish you had n't seen 	UNK
witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic 	UNK
in its bold presentation 	UNK
it 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances 	UNK
this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story . 	UNK
the result is disappointing 	UNK
it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes 	UNK
chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions 	UNK
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , 	UNK
simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy . 	UNK
walked out on a movie 	UNK
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and 	UNK
is powerful and provocative 	UNK
taken it a step further , richer and deeper 	UNK
all the hallmarks of a movie 	UNK
wonderfully speculative character 	UNK
not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired . 	UNK
managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	UNK
a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title 	UNK
squeeze a few laughs out of the material 	UNK
the sorriest and most 	UNK
a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving . 	UNK
real humor 	UNK
collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy 	UNK
the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness 	UNK
a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece 	UNK
does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us 	UNK
creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light 	UNK
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire . 	UNK
a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences 	UNK
feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering 	UNK
vanity film 	UNK
are some fairly unsettling scenes 	UNK
venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival 	UNK
watered-down it almost loses what made you love it 	UNK
remarkably mature 	UNK
fall dreadfully short . 	UNK
the condescending stereotypes 	UNK
going to feel like you were n't invited to the party 	UNK
it 's definitely worth taking a look 	UNK
gives the film its lingering tug 	UNK
`` barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story . 	UNK
of motherhood and desperate mothers 	UNK
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms 	UNK
guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy 	UNK
dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy 	UNK
quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism 	UNK
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , 	UNK
flies out the window 	UNK
bill morrison 's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful . 	UNK
the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line 	UNK
secret ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving . 	UNK
one of the all-time great apocalypse movies 	UNK
sweet , genuine chemistry 	UNK
drags it 	UNK
real pleasure 	UNK
heavy-handed moralistic 	UNK
that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie 	UNK
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here 	UNK
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary 	UNK
see coming a mile away 	UNK
do what he does best 	UNK
a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy . 	UNK
proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness 	UNK
works as pretty contagious fun 	UNK
would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility . 	UNK
berlin 	UNK
at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen 	UNK
as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies 	UNK
of the company 's astonishing growth 	UNK
unappealing 	UNK
its own staggeringly unoriginal terms 	UNK
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera . 	UNK
a coming-of-age movie 	UNK
were once amusing 	UNK
show blind date , only less 	UNK
as it turns out , you can go home again . 	UNK
human nature 	UNK
trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable 	UNK
's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before . 	UNK
as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you 	UNK
discord 	UNK
sure , it 's contrived and predictable , 	UNK
, it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche . 	UNK
the film starts promisingly , but 	UNK
sparkling beauty 	UNK
be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 . 	UNK
playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a 	UNK
's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow . 	UNK
reassuringly familiar 	UNK
beloved genres 	UNK
that likely 	UNK
clearly evident poverty and hardship 	UNK
amusing from time 	UNK
the most thoughtful fictional examination 	UNK
with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit 	UNK
parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances 	UNK
without chills 	UNK
, overblown enterprise 	UNK
ignorant 	UNK
ambitious 	UNK
with scenes so true and heartbreaking 	UNK
beautifully crafted and 	UNK
in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon 	UNK
it 's not really funny . 	UNK
story and pace 	UNK
joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy 	UNK
a powerful entity 	UNK
down-and-dirty 	UNK
funny feast 	UNK
ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense 	UNK
does display an original talent 	UNK
praises 	UNK
of the ultimate scorsese film 	UNK
fascinating , compelling story 	UNK
physical energy 	UNK
a gift 	UNK
to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies 	UNK
make the film relevant today 	UNK
who , exactly , is fighting whom here ? 	UNK
as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs 	UNK
cute moments 	UNK
takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' 	UNK
maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while . 	UNK
irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere . 	UNK
-- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king . 	UNK
like their romances to have that french realism 	UNK
the basic plot of `` lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script . 	UNK
be two hours gained 	UNK
humor and bite 	UNK
are really going to love the piano teacher 	UNK
growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body 	UNK
is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year . 	UNK
of the worst movies of one year 	UNK
miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity 	UNK
grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion 	UNK
the everyday lives 	UNK
dumbed-down approach 	UNK
turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions . 	UNK
dynamism 	UNK
coma-like state 	UNK
feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful 	UNK
cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love . 	UNK
vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm 	UNK
sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny 	UNK
vulgar 	UNK
winning and wildly fascinating 	UNK
is a little scattered -- ditsy , even . 	UNK
waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this 	UNK
that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough 	UNK
portuguese master manoel de oliviera 	UNK
banal and predictable 	UNK
that it 'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture 	UNK
tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun 	UNK
on a pedestal 	UNK
to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals 	UNK
god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage 	UNK
even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man . 	UNK
a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . ' 	UNK
strays 	UNK
often pointless 	UNK
setting off 	UNK
desirable 	UNK
of stale gags 	UNK
is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , 	UNK
gutless 	UNK
very complex 	UNK
an intriguing bit 	UNK
shines like a lonely beacon 	UNK
, it 's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth . 	UNK
it lacks the detail of the book 	UNK
all movies 	UNK
see something that did n't talk down to them 	UNK
explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor 	UNK
in the characters you see 	UNK
huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling kathy baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women 's augustine 	UNK
clarity and audacity 	UNK
hanging 	UNK
from a fine cast 	UNK
` drumline ' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated . 	UNK
people have lost the ability to think 	UNK
frightening late fees 	UNK
littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups 	UNK
's also somewhat clumsy 	UNK
adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism . 	UNK
lift 	UNK
( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence , 	UNK
the picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain . 	UNK
kids to watch too many barney videos 	UNK
a fun family movie 	UNK
about friendship , love , and the truth 	UNK
all-powerful , 	UNK
sweetly 	UNK
stale copy 	UNK
make paid in full worth seeing 	UNK
is so often less 	UNK
does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago . 	UNK
an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch . 	UNK
its charm 	UNK
that the theme does n't drag an audience down 	UNK
they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders 	UNK
that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low 	UNK
infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style . 	UNK
did the screenwriters just 	UNK
still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story . 	UNK
some soul 	UNK
it 's loud and boring 	UNK
there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair 	UNK
an essentially awkward version 	UNK
the chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy . 	UNK
ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks 	UNK
those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right 	UNK
the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug 	UNK
a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness . 	UNK
that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , 	UNK
purpose and finesse 	UNK
my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold 	UNK
if you can push on through the slow spots 	UNK
is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach 	UNK
there 's a heaven for bad movies 	UNK
mckay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative . 	UNK
touchingly 	UNK
been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit 	UNK
maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity 	UNK
it 's a fantastic movie 	UNK
achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity . 	UNK
big box office bucks 	UNK
is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director 	UNK
the story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count . 	UNK
reeking of research library dust 	UNK
when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic 	UNK
proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations . 	UNK
brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans 	UNK
of joy and energy 	UNK
iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin 	UNK
press the delete key 	UNK
, shoot-em-up scene 	UNK
wonder of wonders -- 	UNK
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles 	UNK
to be spectacularly outrageous 	UNK
without lectures or confrontations 	UNK
singing long after the credits roll 	UNK
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five 	UNK
the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film 	UNK
the first half of sorority boys 	UNK
may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work . 	UNK
is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation . 	UNK
honest and loving one 	UNK
reveals itself slowly , 	UNK
ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang 	UNK
lucy liu never comes together 	UNK
that if the filmmakers just follow the books 	UNK
hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) 	UNK
that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory 	UNK
offers an intriguing what-if premise . 	UNK
human power 	UNK
that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form 	UNK
scenes and vistas and pretty moments 	UNK
a funny yet dark and seedy clash 	UNK
an unprecedented tragedy 	UNK
'll wait in vain for a movie to happen 	UNK
it 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year . 	UNK
several scenes of this tacky nonsense 	UNK
good-hearted 	UNK
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief . 	UNK
even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture . 	UNK
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and 	UNK
as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy 	UNK
comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional 	UNK
few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending 	UNK
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not 	UNK
's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer 	UNK
is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative 	UNK
message-mongering moralism 	UNK
a tawdry b-movie scum 	UNK
undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins . 	UNK
colorful 	UNK
casting call 	UNK
this fascinating -- and timely -- content 	UNK
a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	UNK
's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix . 	UNK
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness . 	UNK
berling and béart ... continue to impress , and 	UNK
is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( evans ) had , lost , and got back 	UNK
are so believable that you feel what they feel 	UNK
is never satisfactory . 	UNK
, unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope 	UNK
incomprehensible 	UNK
with every cinematic tool 	UNK
rival the filmmaker 's period pieces 	UNK
far-flung , 	UNK
oscar-caliber performances 	UNK
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy 	UNK
captivates and 	UNK
under his control 	UNK
skid-row 	UNK
it 's stupid 	UNK
their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 	UNK
mostly undeterminable 	UNK
soap-opera quality twist 	UNK
melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project 	UNK
never inspired 	UNK
that this is n't something to be taken seriously 	UNK
see a devastating comic impersonation 	UNK
some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid 	UNK
kline 's superbly nuanced performance , 	UNK
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 	UNK
self-consciously poetic 	UNK
this remarkable and memorable film 	UNK
love stories you will ever see . 	UNK
deserves a sequel 	UNK
surprisingly flat 	UNK
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , 	UNK
as the princess , sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . 	UNK
this is classic nowheresville in every sense 	UNK
she ca n't provide any conflict 	UNK
is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten . 	UNK
simple , sweet and romantic comedy 	UNK
a fascinating examination 	UNK
` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation 	UNK
an impressive hybrid . 	UNK
its relaxed , natural-seeming actors 	UNK
an insultingly inept and artificial examination 	UNK
feels contrived , 	UNK
like a cold old man going through the motions . 	UNK
intriguing and honorable , 	UNK
that neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks . 	UNK
to forgive that still serious problem 	UNK
minor-league soccer remake 	UNK
humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence 	UNK
boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome . 	UNK
really a thriller 	UNK
mush 	UNK
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy 	UNK
the film 's problems 	UNK
a refreshingly forthright one 	UNK
an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it . 	UNK
, hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity . 	UNK
a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans 	UNK
painful and refreshing 	UNK
, the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . 	UNK
gentle , unforced intimacy 	UNK
a bit of heart 	UNK
an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs 	UNK
being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone 	UNK
like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls . 	UNK
belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers 	UNK
it 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking . 	UNK
falling into the hollywood trap 	UNK
well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie 	UNK
that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be 	UNK
a group of extremely talented musicians 	UNK
much more ordinary 	UNK
through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse 	UNK
the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity 	UNK
cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective . 	UNK
a painfully slow cliche-ridden film 	UNK
that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 	UNK
the precious trappings 	UNK
director alfonso cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films . 	UNK
, i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks . 	UNK
undistinguished 	UNK
like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . 	UNK
natural-seeming actors 	UNK
is unusual but unfortunately also irritating 	UNK
of knucklehead swill 	UNK
filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power . 	UNK
impeccable 	UNK
cross between highlander and lolita 	UNK
's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films 	UNK
burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored 	UNK
prefer to keep on watching 	UNK
throwing up 	UNK
offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them 	UNK
the enterprise 	UNK
, and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings 	UNK
seen as hip , 	UNK
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love 	UNK
wonderful but 	UNK
it ends up falling short as a whole 	UNK
makes this film special 	UNK
been better 	UNK
the story compelling 	UNK
self-indulgent 	UNK
an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic . 	UNK
just plain dumb 	UNK
sacrifices its promise 	UNK
brisk delight 	UNK
their surroundings 	UNK
holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and 	UNK
his ( nelson 's ) screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting 	UNK
it 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it . 	UNK
a thrill ride 	UNK
shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers 	UNK
dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace 	UNK
of a good vampire tale 	UNK
is his best film 	UNK
we just do n't really care too much about this love story . 	UNK
polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way . 	UNK
kurys ' direction is clever and insightful 	UNK
randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing 	UNK
artificial 	UNK
, there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater . 	UNK
that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough 	UNK
at his most sparkling 	UNK
chilling tale 	UNK
italian freakshow 	UNK
mordantly funny and 	UNK
... a bland murder-on-campus yawner . 	UNK
the master of innuendo 	UNK
firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action 	UNK
deeply moving 	UNK
can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in italian ) and you like ` masterpiece theatre ' type costumes 	UNK
feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together . 	UNK
, tiresome nature 	UNK
named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort 	UNK
slow and ponderous , 	UNK
will likely be nominated for an oscar next year 	UNK
a smashing success 	UNK
, well-developed characters 	UNK
intriguing plot 	UNK
sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care 	UNK
a plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists . 	UNK
glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself . 	UNK
with morality 	UNK
groan and 	UNK
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen 	UNK
for fun-seeking summer audiences 	UNK
it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied 	UNK
smart and taut . 	UNK
to play one lewd scene after another 	UNK
the way this all works out 	UNK
future years as an eloquent memorial 	UNK
ratliff 's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , 	UNK
its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism 	UNK
swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises 	UNK
does n't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 . 	UNK
leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love 	UNK
a film in which the talent is undeniable 	UNK
to care about the character 	UNK
the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance 	UNK
a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity 	UNK
, it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part 	UNK
you 're not fans of the adventues of steve and terri 	UNK
flawed support structure 	UNK
strong themes of familial ties and 	UNK
vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of 	UNK
dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie 	UNK
to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus 	UNK
weirdly likable 	UNK
likely to witness in a movie theater for some time 	UNK
intensely 	UNK
the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized 	UNK
its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups 	UNK
that 's pure entertainment 	UNK
's an unhappy situation all around 	UNK
that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit 	UNK
it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker 	UNK
unparalleled proportions 	UNK
a perfect show 	UNK
these women 's 	UNK
and wai ka fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests 	UNK
a strong thumbs up 	UNK
she 's a pretty woman , 	UNK
artistic 	UNK
better than ` shindler 's list ' 	UNK
'' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time . 	UNK
resonant gem 	UNK
a brutal 90-minute battle sequence 	UNK
the dull 	UNK
this tale has been told and retold ; 	UNK
conniving wit 	UNK
most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement . 	UNK
smallness 	UNK
passion , creativity , and fearlessness 	UNK
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions 	UNK
most edgy piece 	UNK
seems twice as long 	UNK
revelatory about his psyche 	UNK
the slow parade of human frailty fascinates 	UNK
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : 	UNK
distinguish one sci-fi work from another 	UNK
an epic of astonishing grandeur 	UNK
all sides 	UNK
might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned . 	UNK
sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy 	UNK
to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity 	UNK
idealism 	UNK
offers a guilt-free trip 	UNK
violent , self-indulgent and maddening 	UNK
paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller 	UNK
for but a few seconds 	UNK
sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that . 	UNK
the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept 	UNK
with brutal honesty and respect for its audience 	UNK
you to accept it as life and go with its flow 	UNK
's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose 	UNK
packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message 	UNK
blood-curdling family intensity 	UNK
shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain 	UNK
outstanding soundtrack 	UNK
limp biscuit 	UNK
seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release 	UNK
plays like a student film 	UNK
a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire 	UNK
noyce has worked wonders with the material . 	UNK
a great team 	UNK
deeper every time 	UNK
does not really 	UNK
are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery 	UNK
kooky and overeager 	UNK
the biggest problem i have 	UNK
's an unhappy situation all around . 	UNK
drag as soon as the action speeds up 	UNK
a breath of fresh air now and then 	UNK
fresh again 	UNK
peerlessly 	UNK
a vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . ' 	UNK
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn 	UNK
slopped ` em together here 	UNK
the perverse pleasure 	UNK
makes the film special 	UNK
just the labor involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light 	UNK
punches 	UNK
put away the guitar , sell the amp , and 	UNK
dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated 	UNK
really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions 	UNK
does n't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) . 	UNK
independent-community 	UNK
's the inimitable diaz 	UNK
a great companion piece 	UNK
this fascinating look 	UNK
but something far more stylish and cerebral 	UNK
an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool . 	UNK
it washed out despite all of that 	UNK
illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity . 	UNK
terrifically entertaining specimen 	UNK
emotionally and spiritually compelling journey 	UNK
uneasy 	UNK
have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama 	UNK
reggio 's 	UNK
gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner 	UNK
sex toys and offers 	UNK
conceivable 	UNK
the film seems as deflated as he does 	UNK
was a better film 	UNK
if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor 	UNK
even through its flaws , revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film . 	UNK
the gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` the lord of the rings '' trilogy 	UNK
its personable , amusing cast 	UNK
pompous 	UNK
no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish 	UNK
of exceptional honesty 	UNK
allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , 	UNK
can be a knockout 	UNK
the extravagant confidence 	UNK
intriguing and stylish 	UNK
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures 	UNK
this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation . 	UNK
is a depressing experience 	UNK
about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity 	UNK
the project should have been made for the tube . 	UNK
let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him 	UNK
does n't add up to much 	UNK
several old themes 	UNK
after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget . 	UNK
topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights . 	UNK
's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 	UNK
burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare . 	UNK
a film that plays things so nice 	UNK
sexual jealousy , resentment 	UNK
technically sumptuous 	UNK
an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent . 	UNK
self-determination 	UNK
a dentist 's waiting room 	UNK
at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar 	UNK
lacks the detail of the book 	UNK
and cinemantic flair 	UNK
succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape 	UNK
's surprisingly decent , 	UNK
elegant film 	UNK
of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking 	UNK
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there . 	UNK
from stark desert 	UNK
a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department . 	UNK
supremely good natured 	UNK
, marvelously twisted shapes history 	UNK
digitally altered footage 	UNK
big stars and high production values 	UNK
, self-assured 	UNK
more than anything else slight ... tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations 	UNK
milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title 	UNK
formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip . 	UNK
is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , 	UNK
induce sleep 	UNK
uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year . 	UNK
, it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special . 	UNK
flat 	UNK
-- and it is n't that funny . 	UNK
because it 's lousy 	UNK
a characteristically engorged and sloppy 	UNK
wastes its time 	UNK
you there is no sense 	UNK
's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful . 	UNK
that 's superficial and unrealized 	UNK
a negligible work 	UNK
though the film is well-intentioned 	UNK
the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more 	UNK
the usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably 	UNK
a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic 	UNK
laughing at his own joke 	UNK
does n't reach them 	UNK
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr. mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy . 	UNK
can depress you about life itself 	UNK
you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school 	UNK
extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles 	UNK
's a very very strong `` b + 	UNK
spirit 	UNK
short and sweet 	UNK
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message 	UNK
comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 	UNK
the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant 	UNK
is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string . 	UNK
swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes 	UNK
everything that 's good 	UNK
the boozy self-indulgence 	UNK
, it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more . 	UNK
fears 	UNK
left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments 	UNK
it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary 	UNK
using his storytelling ability 	UNK
wishy-washy 	UNK
remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks 	UNK
picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch . 	UNK
cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle 	UNK
's tremendously moving 	UNK
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but 	UNK
, you can feel the love . 	UNK
surprisingly juvenile 	UNK
land beyond time 	UNK
a weak and ineffective ghost story 	UNK
'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time 	UNK
're - doing-it-for - the-cash 	UNK
of too many story lines 	UNK
a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate 	UNK
( n ) o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness . 	UNK
exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble 	UNK
lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded . 	UNK
to feed to the younger generations 	UNK
be liberating 	UNK
a compelling allegory 	UNK
, the film shatters you in waves . 	UNK
the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it 	UNK
a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural 	UNK
once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent 	UNK
this story about love and culture 	UNK
one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory 	UNK
sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ? 	UNK
more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition 	UNK
which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance 	UNK
probably the best case for christianity 	UNK
best part ' 	UNK
it is a whole lot of fun and 	UNK
, my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe . 	UNK
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline 	UNK
serious critique 	UNK
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer . 	UNK
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short . 	UNK
of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years 	UNK
any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out 	UNK
for most movies , 84 minutes is short 	UNK
loss and denial 	UNK
it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous . 	UNK
the nicest thing i can say is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it 	UNK
a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' 	UNK
unusually surreal tone 	UNK
conceited pap 	UNK
cool stuff 	UNK
... once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable . 	UNK
actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 	UNK
great missed opportunity 	UNK
not zhang 's forte 	UNK
hopkins , squarely fills the screen . 	UNK
happy gilmore or the waterboy 	UNK
achieving some honest insight 	UNK
so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated . 	UNK
perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff . 	UNK
watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert 	UNK
proves you wrong on both counts 	UNK
oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between . 	UNK
's lovely and amazing , 	UNK
's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film 	UNK
his ` angels of light 	UNK
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , 	UNK
in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players . 	UNK
but not great ) 	UNK
familiar , funny surface 	UNK
this unexpectedly moving meditation 	UNK
your own precious life 	UNK
as a touching , transcendent love story 	UNK
genre-busting film 	UNK
) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code 	UNK
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood 	UNK
exploitation flick 	UNK
brilliantly 	UNK
an unremittingly ugly movie 	UNK
be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form 	UNK
satisfaction 	UNK
remotely probing or penetrating . 	UNK
it looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such 	UNK
propulsive 	UNK
hero 	UNK
talents 	UNK
asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life 	UNK
with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be 	UNK
, right-wing , propriety-obsessed family 	UNK
i can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down . 	UNK
flat 	UNK
like an overcooked soufflé 	UNK
, there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . 	UNK
bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals 	UNK
great cinema can really do 	UNK
surprisingly 	UNK
innocent 	UNK
the astute direction of cardoso and 	UNK
for every cheesy scene 	UNK
spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion 	UNK
is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice . 	UNK
taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating 	UNK
by then 	UNK
told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times 	UNK
racism 	UNK
outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines 	UNK
intelligent screenplay 	UNK
because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh 	UNK
an immensely entertaining look 	UNK
a meditation on faith and madness 	UNK
wistful new film 	UNK
is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad 	UNK
it 's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads . 	UNK
, the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . ' 	UNK
chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special 	UNK
whose pieces do not fit 	UNK
in the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama how i killed my father , french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition 	UNK
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow 	UNK
it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship . 	UNK
shoot 	UNK
of the previous two 	UNK
completely predictable 	UNK
low-grade dreck 	UNK
soulless jumble 	UNK
change the channel 	UNK
aspires 	UNK
is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago . 	UNK
increasingly incoherent fashion 	UNK
first-class , thoroughly involving 	UNK
ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory . 	UNK
right questions 	UNK
too-spectacular 	UNK
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula 	UNK
takes a slightly dark look at relationships , 	UNK
( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and 	UNK
remains a chilly , clinical lab report 	UNK
're at the right film . 	UNK
has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt 	UNK
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time . 	UNK
a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams 	UNK
neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are . 	UNK
a delicious crime drama 	UNK
afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket 	UNK
some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and 	UNK
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers 	UNK
an uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema . 	UNK
hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out 	UNK
though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency 	UNK
is almost certainly 	UNK
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant . 	UNK
did n't mean much to me and 	UNK
, thought-provoking new york fest 	UNK
that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed 	UNK
yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy 	UNK
the very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . 	UNK
crawlies 	UNK
highly entertaining 	UNK
a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen 	UNK
it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time . 	UNK
around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life 	UNK
farcically bawdy 	UNK
most of its ilk 	UNK
savory 	UNK
badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 	UNK
remarkably 	UNK
why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain 	UNK
need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess 	UNK
... really horrible drek . 	UNK
breathe life 	UNK
smarter 	UNK
targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic 	UNK
a groundbreaking endeavor 	UNK
detailed historical document 	UNK
is n't as funny as you 'd hoped 	UNK
times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated 	UNK
'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it 	UNK
the most incoherent 	UNK
plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air . 	UNK
overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal 	UNK
a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias 	UNK
that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects 	UNK
works its magic with such exuberance and passion 	UNK
sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism 	UNK
forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore 	UNK
is moving 	UNK
, director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags . 	UNK
there 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and 	UNK
grand-scale 	UNK
ozpetek offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves . 	UNK
made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort 	UNK
this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short 	UNK
by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers 	UNK
the dark theater 	UNK
laughing in the crowd 	UNK
takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera 	UNK
great character 	UNK
midway point 	UNK
a solid sci-fi thriller 	UNK
long for the end credits 	UNK
even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits 	UNK
fairly run-of-the-mill . 	UNK
it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless 	UNK
unhappy situation 	UNK
of patch adams quietly freaking out 	UNK
not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture 	UNK
somehow ms. griffiths and mr. pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy . 	UNK
're all in this together 	UNK
the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses 	UNK
shows -- reality shows for god 's sake 	UNK
courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' 	UNK
something fascinating 	UNK
a shakespearean tragedy 	UNK
predictable and cloying , 	UNK
should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake . 	UNK
playfully profound ... 	UNK
the movie is well done , but slow . 	UNK
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience . 	UNK
've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is 	UNK
with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes 	UNK
it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , 	UNK
, should n't have been made 	UNK
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable 	UNK
been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional 	UNK
strongly reminiscent 	UNK
haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way . 	UNK
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist 	UNK
hodgepodge . 	UNK
that grew hideously twisted 	UNK
leave fans clamoring for another ride 	UNK
to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters 	UNK
bogged down 	UNK
throws away 	UNK
one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one 	UNK
a hilarious ode to middle america and 	UNK
quarter the fun of toy story 2 	UNK
that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another 	UNK
muddled , repetitive and ragged 	UNK
but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . 	UNK
, without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision 	UNK
cleverest 	UNK
bonus 	UNK
derailed by bad writing and 	UNK
too clever 	UNK
nothing really happens 	UNK
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt 	UNK
innovations and glimpse 	UNK
is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses . 	UNK
... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch . 	UNK
the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself 	UNK
the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism 	UNK
romp from robert rodriguez . 	UNK
it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism 	UNK
deeply biased 	UNK
one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year 	UNK
, the movie possesses its own languorous charm . 	UNK
, convincing 	UNK
is virtually unwatchable . 	UNK
ken russell would love this . 	UNK
are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away . 	UNK
something rare and riveting : 	UNK
stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction 	UNK
adoring , wide-smiling reception 	UNK
injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again 	UNK
despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn 's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . 	UNK
as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and 	UNK
does n't really believe in it , 	UNK
but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them . 	UNK
the advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap . 	UNK
iranian drama 	UNK
no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country 	UNK
's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions 	UNK
fantasized 	UNK
big-screen experience 	UNK
faulty 	UNK
it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half 	UNK
bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue 	UNK
watching it was painful . 	UNK
over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time 	UNK
finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom 	UNK
eloquent memorial 	UNK
, lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics . 	UNK
succeed 	UNK
masterpiece 	UNK
new relevance , 	UNK
retro-refitting exercise 	UNK
legs 	UNK
first-timer john mckay is never able to pull it back on course . 	UNK
a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal 	UNK
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , impostor is opening today at a theater near you . 	UNK
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- 	UNK
a romantic crime comedy 	UNK
delicious 	UNK
gentle , touching story 	UNK
safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen 	UNK
help chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact . 	UNK
excellent storytelling 	UNK
hard to like a film so cold and dead 	UNK
poetic tragedy 	UNK
a young woman who knows how to hold the screen 	UNK
makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera 	UNK
to do that is really funny 	UNK
have to admit that i am baffled by jason x. 	UNK
the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this 	UNK
ends up delivering in good measure 	UNK
if you love the music , and i do 	UNK
this painfully forced , false and fabricated 	UNK
into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty 	UNK
a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie 	UNK
has a sense of his audience 	UNK
what a thrill ride 	UNK
kind , 	UNK
out of sight 	UNK
made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention 	UNK
a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit . 	UNK
'd prefer a simple misfire 	UNK
the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly 	UNK
an appalling , 	UNK
students that deals with first love sweetly 	UNK
poor acting 	UNK
hard to care 	UNK
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it 	UNK
independent film 	UNK
i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances . 	UNK
nothing happens 	UNK
by turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic . 	UNK
starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers . 	UNK
one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else 	UNK
the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was 	UNK
ca n't possibly be enough 	UNK
that omnibus tradition called marriage 	UNK
this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie . 	UNK
he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees 	UNK
manages not only 	UNK
is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery 	UNK
is hugely overwritten 	UNK
does display greatness 	UNK
a hundred of them can be numbing 	UNK
by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	UNK
endlessly repetitive 	UNK
real 	UNK
like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud 	UNK
coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings . 	UNK
uneven performances and a spotty script 	UNK
this is a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it . 	UNK
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny . 	UNK
show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen 	UNK
anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime 	UNK
's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us . 	UNK
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but 	UNK
away a believer again and quite cheered at just that 	UNK
amoral 	UNK
a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout 	UNK
for an intelligent weepy 	UNK
as grant 's two best films 	UNK
the mysteries of human behavior 	UNK
is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved . 	UNK
it 's hard to say who might enjoy this 	UNK
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance 	UNK
timely than its director could ever have dreamed 	UNK
is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay 	UNK
diminishing his stature 	UNK
as played by ryan gosling , danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction . 	UNK
're clueless and inept 	UNK
a great companion piece to other napoleon films . 	UNK
developed hastily 	UNK
to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance 	UNK
moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior 	UNK
fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides . 	UNK
in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span 	UNK
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have 	UNK
by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense 	UNK
about 25 minutes of decent material 	UNK
for devotees of french cinema 	UNK
we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity . 	UNK
predictable outcome 	UNK
borrows a bit from the classics `` wait until dark '' and `` extremities '' ... but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself 	UNK
get to an imitation movie 	UNK
trusts the story it sets out to tell . 	UNK
adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances 	UNK
the ` laughing 	UNK
without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 	UNK
so incredibly inane 	UNK
against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva 	UNK
the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions 	UNK
distract 	UNK
cheap manipulation or corny conventions 	UNK
... it 's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy . 	UNK
is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics . 	UNK
boisterous and utterly charming 	UNK
well integrated 	UNK
as boring 	UNK
the inspiration 	UNK
does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad 	UNK
the scariest guy you 'll see all summer 	UNK
the emperor 's club , ruthless in its own placid way , 	UNK
that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties 	UNK
gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in 	UNK
criminal 	UNK
lacks in action 	UNK
get the same love story and 	UNK
i have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short . 	UNK
resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... 	UNK
plaintiveness 	UNK
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart 	UNK
generate a lot of energy 	UNK
perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , about schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness . 	UNK
sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history 	UNK
put hairs on your chest 	UNK
is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity 	UNK
're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport 	UNK
a cute partnership 	UNK
is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt . 	UNK
, and of the thousands thereafter 	UNK
more bizarre 	UNK
truly 	UNK
produce another smash 	UNK
, riveting and handsomely 	UNK
attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way 	UNK
offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject 	UNK
heart attack 	UNK
slow and dreary 	UNK
the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover 	UNK
is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching . 	UNK
that would set it apart from other deep south stories 	UNK
flawless film 	UNK
complications 	UNK
unendurable 	UNK
a small star with big heart 	UNK
are all direct-to-video stuff 	UNK
sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies 	UNK
hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny 	UNK
you would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit 	UNK
open-hearted film 	UNK
look so bad in a major movie 	UNK
sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst 	UNK
jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery 	UNK
odd , inexplicable and unpleasant 	UNK
her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human 	UNK
from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way 	UNK
why anyone should bother remembering it 	UNK
you 'll like it . 	UNK
lumps of coal 	UNK
( taymor ) utilizes the idea of making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work . 	UNK
dramatic animated feature 	UNK
director juan jose campanella 	UNK
the funniest jokes 	UNK
's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long . 	UNK
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and 	UNK
but the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences 	UNK
being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be 	UNK
wrong 	UNK
had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd 	UNK
classical 	UNK
phenomenal , water-born cinematography 	UNK
do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition . 	UNK
to investigate 	UNK
lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food 	UNK
as the treat of the title 	UNK
like a splendid meal 	UNK
anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly . 	UNK
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least . 	UNK
... the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings . 	UNK
allows us to chuckle through the angst 	UNK
is a great deal of fun 	UNK
odd purity 	UNK
which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films 	UNK
gorgeous exterior photography 	UNK
a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz . 	UNK
knucklehead 	UNK
intelligent high school 	UNK
dashing and resourceful hero 	UNK
do you 	UNK
to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving 	UNK
a dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater 	UNK
'd rather watch them on the animal planet . 	UNK
gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny 	UNK
i ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ... 	UNK
find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; 	UNK
comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , 	UNK
can truly be 	UNK
is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders . 	UNK
the funniest person 	UNK
just fine 	UNK
be lost on the target audience 	UNK
quite entertaining 	UNK
thrills , too many flashbacks 	UNK
too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style . 	UNK
punchy dialogue 	UNK
the only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow . 	UNK
michael myers for good 	UNK
from a consummate actor incapable of being boring 	UNK
go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid 	UNK
, provocative and vainglorious 	UNK
flounders under the weight of too many story lines 	UNK
miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life . 	UNK
ringside seat 	UNK
start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line . 	UNK
gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful 	UNK
they have been patiently waiting for 	UNK
, the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability . 	UNK
a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation 	UNK
to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other 	UNK
adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong 	UNK
aching 	UNK
tear-drenched 	UNK
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile 	UNK
most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; `` frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home . 	UNK
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john and bo derek made the ridiculous bolero . 	UNK
it is n't entirely persuasive 	UNK
mesmerised 	UNK
the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be 	UNK
the benjamins that 's hard to resist 	UNK
further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap 	UNK
hopefully inspire action 	UNK
plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter 	UNK
take before indigestion sets 	UNK
to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film 	UNK
steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas ' wounded and wounding uncle ralph . 	UNK
nearly every attempt at humor here is doa . 	UNK
ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favor of an altogether darker side 	UNK
rosenthal ( halloween ii ) 	UNK
is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why 	UNK
what should have been a painless time-killer 	UNK
stirring road movie . 	UNK
rather brilliant little cult item 	UNK
from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 	UNK
is just such an achievement . 	UNK
resonant 	UNK
is neither dramatic nor comic 	UNK
in heaven 	UNK
albeit a visually compelling one , 	UNK
all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head 	UNK
the most original in years 	UNK
comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . 	UNK
should bolster director and co-writer 	UNK
few ` cool ' actors 	UNK
i must have failed 	UNK
is even lazier and far less enjoyable 	UNK
a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror 	UNK
, the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . 	UNK
, doing its namesake proud 	UNK
been a lighthearted comedy 	UNK
been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster 	UNK
seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . 	UNK
distracted 	UNK
for the fine star performances 	UNK
enigmatic features 	UNK
is more fun than conan the barbarian 	UNK
both the scenic splendor of the mountains 	UNK
stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess 	UNK
half-baked 	UNK
irresponsible sandlerian 	UNK
have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode 	UNK
does n't have anything really interesting to say . 	UNK
this is a movie full of grace 	UNK
rip off that we were aware of 	UNK
seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested 	UNK
smacks of exhibitionism 	UNK
the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere . 	UNK
big mistake . 	UNK
're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned . 	UNK
packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film 	UNK
under a rock 	UNK
make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs . 	UNK
overlong 	UNK
... pays tribute to heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism . 	UNK
, this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth . 	UNK
is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us 	UNK
behind the project 	UNK
the capable cast 	UNK
passion , and genius 	UNK
deliver again and again 	UNK
one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible 	UNK
to protect your community from the dullest science fiction 	UNK
the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or 	UNK
, loud , bang-the-drum 	UNK
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout . 	UNK
that is funny , touching , smart and complicated 	UNK
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots 	UNK
cinderella 	UNK
do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people . 	UNK
, spiteful idiots 	UNK
`` the best disney movie since the lion king '' 	UNK
a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood 	UNK
not all that bad of a movie 	UNK
a bomb 	UNK
a wild ride with eight boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival . 	UNK
that woman 's doubts 	UNK
is wickedly fun 	UNK
the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening 	UNK
but this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title . 	UNK
repeated 	UNK
taken the protagonists a full hour 	UNK
smartly written motion picture 	UNK
distinguished and thoughtful 	UNK
chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident . 	UNK
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and 	UNK
makes little attempt to give voice to the other side 	UNK
a web of dazzling entertainment 	UNK
'll love it and probably want to see it twice 	UNK
which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill 	UNK
to be a bit of a cheat in the end 	UNK
more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller 	UNK
celebrates universal human nature 	UNK
while dark water is n't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor . 	UNK
that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise 	UNK
makes the grade as tawdry trash 	UNK
that 's good enough . 	UNK
... a great , participatory spectator sport . ' 	UNK
tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender 	UNK
hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity 	UNK
felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 	UNK
most savagely hilarious social critics 	UNK
emotionally malleable 	UNK
are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all . 	UNK
's really unclear 	UNK
agreeably 	UNK
sordid of human behavior on the screen 	UNK
too bad to be good 	UNK
a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little 	UNK
looked like crap , 	UNK
attractive men 	UNK
's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns 	UNK
bears out as your typical junkie opera 	UNK
layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 	UNK
like a tired tyco ad 	UNK
a one-of-a-kind tour de force 	UNK
deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill 	UNK
a terrific date movie , whatever your orientation . 	UNK
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact 	UNK
the courage of its convictions and 	UNK
has its heart ( and its palate ) 	UNK
unsatisfied 	UNK
, but to his legend 	UNK
as lively an account as seinfeld is deadpan . 	UNK
's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context 	UNK
a kiss 	UNK
can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good . 	UNK
dead-on in election 	UNK
and , 	UNK
unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach 	UNK
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting . 	UNK
knows it 's won 	UNK
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , 	UNK
to remain an unchanged dullard 	UNK
vulgarity 	UNK
rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings 	UNK
, the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans . 	UNK
compelling yarn 	UNK
humorous and heartfelt , 	UNK
a rather brilliant little cult item : 	UNK
potentially just as rewarding 	UNK
energetic and always surprising 	UNK
overuse 	UNK
never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free 	UNK
make for great cinema 	UNK
'll still have a good time 	UNK
of flatly 	UNK
pulse 	UNK
makes a nice album 	UNK
strong piece of work 	UNK
your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this 	UNK
attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design 	UNK
a sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies 	UNK
a lackluster script and substandard performances 	UNK
suffers because of its many excesses 	UNK
badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity . 	UNK
garbage . 	UNK
is funny and looks professional . 	UNK
so-called satire 	UNK
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one 	UNK
tear-jerking 	UNK
are faithful to melville 's plotline , they 	UNK
a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two 	UNK
one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time . 	UNK
definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with 	UNK
fuss or noise 	UNK
's not really funny 	UNK
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and 	UNK
the best thing 	UNK
many definitions of ` time waster ' 	UNK
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before 	UNK
celebrated wonder 	UNK
heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind 	UNK
fascination 	UNK
fumbles the vital action sequences 	UNK
easy , seductive 	UNK
like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with 	UNK
may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made 	UNK
at the absurdities and inconsistencies 	UNK
the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison 	UNK
into its intriguing subject 	UNK
all bluster and cliché 	UNK
his personal obstacles 	UNK
's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . 	UNK
both refreshingly different 	UNK
a wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs . 	UNK
insults 	UNK
excellent performances 	UNK
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises 	UNK
, the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters . 	UNK
like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy 	UNK
above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm 	UNK
the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 	UNK
loneliness and desperate grandiosity 	UNK
his sweetness and vulnerability 	UNK
will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product 	UNK
the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games 	UNK
is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for . 	UNK
remarkable new trick 	UNK
most multilayered and sympathetic female characters 	UNK
been worth caring about 	UNK
's still terrible ! 	UNK
with a chase to end all chases 	UNK
by turns very dark and very funny . 	UNK
never fails him 	UNK
a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady 's direction is prosaic . 	UNK
stylish and moody 	UNK
episode ii -- 	UNK
begins as a seven rip-off , 	UNK
a cross between blow and boyz n the hood , this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there . 	UNK
a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt 	UNK
documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it 	UNK
even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness 	UNK
produce adequate performances 	UNK
trailer-trash 	UNK
to a problem hollywood too long has ignored 	UNK
you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools . 	UNK
uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely 	UNK
pandering 	UNK
love a disney pic 	UNK
worthwhile environmental message 	UNK
of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time 	UNK
is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen 	UNK
it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one 	UNK
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder . 	UNK
nimble shoulders 	UNK
by its awkward structure and a final veering 	UNK
analyze that '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original . 	UNK
stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge . 	UNK
much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . 	UNK
proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations 	UNK
a good cast 	UNK
the vital comic ingredient 	UNK
has its moments 	UNK
the tortured and self-conscious material 	UNK
made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept 	UNK
to anyone who loves both dance and cinema 	UNK
no foundation for it 	UNK
very funny , heartwarming film 	UNK
completely serviceable and quickly forgettable 	UNK
most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy 	UNK
an all-time low for kevin costner 	UNK
resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product . 	UNK
manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt 	UNK
to be released in imax format 	UNK
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life 	UNK
good-time 	UNK
sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it 	UNK
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse . 	UNK
evil 	UNK
with miscalculations 	UNK
the powerful success of read my lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers . 	UNK
naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation . 	UNK
're in luck 	UNK
deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is 	UNK
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint 	UNK
over with 	UNK
cheapen the overall effect . 	UNK
that powerhouse of 19th-century prose 	UNK
professional 	UNK
his generation 's 	UNK
there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time 	UNK
fusty squareness 	UNK
apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present hollywood program . 	UNK
divine 	UNK
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , 	UNK
with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage 	UNK
was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had 	UNK
expects people to pay to see it 	UNK
juiced with enough energy and excitement 	UNK
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another . 	UNK
compelling , gut-clutching piece 	UNK
it 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie . 	UNK
while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected 	UNK
sweet and gentle 	UNK
second chance to find love in the most unlikely place 	UNK
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology 	UNK
lingering creepiness one 	UNK
for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale . 	UNK
with familiar situations and repetitive scenes 	UNK
this amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers 	UNK
'' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . 	UNK
by the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . ' 	UNK
vainly 	UNK
a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface 	UNK
the worst films of 2002 	UNK
it 's that good . 	UNK
of superficiality 	UNK
properly intense , claustrophobic tale 	UNK
contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know 	UNK
himself funny 	UNK
plays like clueless does south fork . 	UNK
this year 's very best pictures 	UNK
a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven 	UNK
desperate for work and food 	UNK
puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars 	UNK
's still entertaining to watch the target practice 	UNK
the good girl '' a film worth watching 	UNK
that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong 	UNK
plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 . 	UNK
shankman ... and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story . 	UNK
unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , 	UNK
offers no new insight 	UNK
that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting 	UNK
for the art-house crowd 	UNK
with all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles . 	UNK
... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes . 	UNK
for that matter , shrek ) 	UNK
sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story 	UNK
venturesome , beautifully realized 	UNK
from the characters 	UNK
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst 	UNK
van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material 	UNK
you 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it . 	UNK
there are many tense scenes in trapped 	UNK
is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously 	UNK
big excuse 	UNK
the screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children . 	UNK
that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails 	UNK
a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability 	UNK
a fine job 	UNK
in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work 	UNK
awry 	UNK
takes a look at 5 alternative housing options 	UNK
it 's just merely very bad . 	UNK
glass 's dirgelike score 	UNK
much better documentary 	UNK
done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment 	UNK
, madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game . 	UNK
freshly painted rembrandt 	UNK
fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides 	UNK
begun to split up so that it can do even more damage 	UNK
with purpose and finesse 	UNK
a better movie experience 	UNK
, abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival 	UNK
comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising 	UNK
scenes so true and heartbreaking 	UNK
watching war photographer , you come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals . 	UNK
say something about its subjects 	UNK
victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers 	UNK
is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears . ' 	UNK
piece , a model of menacing atmosphere . 	UNK
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers . 	UNK
the film 's mid-to-low budget 	UNK
do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people 	UNK
the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment 	UNK
is way too indulgent . 	UNK
wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback 	UNK
and mordantly humorous 	UNK
crisper and punchier 	UNK
can make people act weird 	UNK
been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion 	UNK
be much funnier than anything in the film 	UNK
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs 	UNK
after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be 	UNK
's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one 	UNK
the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself 	UNK
... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh 	UNK
a grating , emaciated flick 	UNK
everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill . 	UNK
some body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling . 	UNK
even non-techies can enjoy 	UNK
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite . 	UNK
highest power 	UNK
it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , 	UNK
in an intriguing bit of storytelling 	UNK
fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second 	UNK
do n't say you were n't warned . 	UNK
is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer 	UNK
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops 	UNK
unexpectedly moving 	UNK
most genuinely sweet 	UNK
never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . 	UNK
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but 	UNK
rendered with such clarity 	UNK
acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being . 	UNK
in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks 	UNK
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and 	UNK
describe how bad it is 	UNK
one of the worst movies of the year 	UNK
prove too convoluted 	UNK
honest attempt to get at something 	UNK
sandler 	UNK
did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ? 	UNK
a moving experience 	UNK
may lack the pungent bite of its title , 	UNK
all the best possible ways 	UNK
with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny 	UNK
gorgeous , 	UNK
takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time 	UNK
one of demme 's good films 	UNK
of the problems with the film 	UNK
black-and-white and unrealistic 	UNK
great pity 	UNK
clumsy 	UNK
strength 	UNK
turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special . 	UNK
does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people 	UNK
one of the most incoherent 	UNK
be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' 	UNK
in the songs translate well to film 	UNK
has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference 	UNK
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : 	UNK
whimsicality , narrative discipline and 	UNK
`` nicholas nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year . 	UNK
an advantage 	UNK
was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson 	UNK
get you 	UNK
worthless film 	UNK
stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film 	UNK
a clever script and 	UNK
something on crummy-looking videotape 	UNK
well-shaped dramas 	UNK
anything but frustrating , boring , and 	UNK
an astounding performance 	UNK
rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis 	UNK
of intergalactic friendship 	UNK
do the subject matter justice 	UNK
has compelling new material 	UNK
a kingdom 	UNK
clichéd and shallow 	UNK
intriguing , observant 	UNK
a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible 	UNK
land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place 	UNK
predictable and 	UNK
enough clever and unexpected 	UNK
that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart 	UNK
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay 	UNK
can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity 	UNK
manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie . 	UNK
its economical 	UNK
serial murders 	UNK
an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) 	UNK
the ` are we a sick society 	UNK
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke - 	UNK
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments . 	UNK
from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer 	UNK
is a whole lot of nada 	UNK
with every cinematic tool well under his control 	UNK
thrill you , 	UNK
sugary sentiment and withholds delivery 	UNK
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich . 	UNK
if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 	UNK
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight . 	UNK
crude to serve the work especially well 	UNK
charming but slight 	UNK
of bland comfort food 	UNK
kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities . 	UNK
visual delight 	UNK
sluggish 	UNK
manages sweetness 	UNK
that 's because relatively nothing happens . 	UNK
stoop so low 	UNK
like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate 	UNK
is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching 	UNK
loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction 	UNK
with virtuoso throat-singing 	UNK
profoundly moving documentary 	UNK
to the grayish quality of its lighting 	UNK
that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is 	UNK
it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time 	UNK
although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out . 	UNK
real triumphs 	UNK
makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment . 	UNK
has definite weaknesses 	UNK
the most consistently funny of the austin powers films 	UNK
a speedy swan dive 	UNK
swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch 	UNK
to a spectacular completion one 	UNK
'' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . 	UNK
banal 	UNK
the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . ' 	UNK
unconcerned about what they ingest 	UNK
a funny yet dark 	UNK
grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect . 	UNK
intriguing and alluring premise 	UNK
for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose 	UNK
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category , reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable . 	UNK
rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ... 	UNK
can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality . 	UNK
popcorn adventure 	UNK
( the film ) works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay 	UNK
a ripping good yarn is told . 	UNK
than malle 's dud 	UNK
do n't see the point 	UNK
exploits ( headbanger ) 	UNK
contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what 	UNK
shoots and scores 	UNK
shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper . 	UNK
the film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers 	UNK
brilliantly written and 	UNK
dull , lifeless 	UNK
a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , 	UNK
wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise 	UNK
i might add -- slice of comedic bliss 	UNK
, soggy potboiler 	UNK
lazier 	UNK
peppering the pages with memorable zingers 	UNK
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' 	UNK
not a must-own 	UNK
belittle a cinema classic 	UNK
despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing . 	UNK
none of birthday girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ... 	UNK
the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time . 	UNK
its courageousness 	UNK
the toilet and scores a direct hit 	UNK
there 's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes 	UNK
deserve to hear the full story of jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it . 	UNK
as plain and pedestrian as 	UNK
like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop 	UNK
at once laughable and compulsively watchable 	UNK
generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series . 	UNK
nostalgic , twisty yarn 	UNK
comic barbs 	UNK
is about as necessary as a hole in the head 	UNK
genuinely witty 	UNK
ace ventura ' rip-off 	UNK
as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin 	UNK
that satisfies , as comfort food often can 	UNK
's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere 	UNK
a clever exercise 	UNK
liked the movie 	UNK
the film buzz and whir ; very little of it 	UNK
depress 	UNK
offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games 	UNK
appreciates the art and 	UNK
but windtalkers does n't beat that one , either . 	UNK
the movie possesses its own languorous charm . 	UNK
the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences 	UNK
beautiful , angry and sad , 	UNK
the tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time 	UNK
a satisfying complete picture 	UNK
sometimes both 	UNK
's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting 	UNK
the film is all over the place , really . 	UNK
kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself . 	UNK
puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less 	UNK
properly spooky 	UNK
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time . 	UNK
has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies 	UNK
to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases 	UNK
will have a showdown 	UNK
, the drama feels rigged and sluggish . 	UNK
whimsicality 	UNK
is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory . 	UNK
an excellent companion piece 	UNK
very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . 	UNK
finest non-bondish performance 	UNK
however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . 	UNK
observations on the human condition 	UNK
stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic . 	UNK
underrehearsed 	UNK
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste 	UNK
expressing itself in every way imaginable 	UNK
the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action 	UNK
slow-moving 	UNK
all-over-the-map 	UNK
for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and 	UNK
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and 	UNK
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating 	UNK
incredibly irritating 	UNK
it 's like an all-star salute to disney 's cheesy commercialism . 	UNK
funniest american comedy 	UNK
delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed 	UNK
schiffer 	UNK
the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters 	UNK
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure 	UNK
most multilayered and sympathetic 	UNK
family comedy 	UNK
is a failure 	UNK
the script and characters hold sway 	UNK
is ultimately quite unengaging 	UNK
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house . 	UNK
that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism 	UNK
that it does n't give a damn 	UNK
nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia 	UNK
does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this . 	UNK
little jokes 	UNK
so impersonal or even shallow 	UNK
the insinuation of mediocre acting or 	UNK
true to its animatronic roots 	UNK
if you can get past the taboo subject matter 	UNK
speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life . 	UNK
negligible 	UNK
some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) 	UNK
muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters 	UNK
unfocused and 	UNK
more enjoyable 	UNK
other than the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale , everything else is top shelf . 	UNK
is intriguing , provocative stuff 	UNK
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is . 	UNK
irresistible , languid romanticism 	UNK
the worst of tragedies 	UNK
incredibly captivating 	UNK
's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken 	UNK
but blatantly biased . 	UNK
simple , poignant and leavened with humor 	UNK
criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama . 	UNK
-- conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything . 	UNK
a wholesome fantasy 	UNK
the best war movies ever made 	UNK
irredeemably awful 	UNK
the rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point 	UNK
pray does n't have a passion for the material . 	UNK
the incredible storyline 	UNK
smartly 	UNK
victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and 	UNK
what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity 	UNK
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 	UNK
intoxicating show 	UNK
mainstream audiences have rarely seen 	UNK
diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack 	UNK
300 years of russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness . 	UNK
like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars 	UNK
several uninteresting , unlikeable people 	UNK
into hokum 	UNK
for juicy roles 	UNK
that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus 	UNK
the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before 	UNK
loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel 	UNK
( p ) artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting . 	UNK
what 's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy . 	UNK
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film 	UNK
insanely violent 	UNK
there 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . 	UNK
its many excesses 	UNK
for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker 	UNK
freshness and 	UNK
of promise 	UNK
no denying the power of polanski 's film 	UNK
more sheerly beautiful film 	UNK
, unimaginative 	UNK
coordinated 	UNK
estranged 	UNK
to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing 	UNK
it works superbly here 	UNK
no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting 	UNK
a wonder 	UNK
the overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven . '' 	UNK
returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power 	UNK
the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story 	UNK
feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work . 	UNK
exercise in style and mystification 	UNK
violent and 	UNK
would be very sweet indeed 	UNK
visually striking and viscerally repellent 	UNK
entirely suspenseful 	UNK
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid 	UNK
and narrative strength 	UNK
threefold expansion 	UNK
gracious , eloquent film 	UNK
is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way 	UNK
is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . 	UNK
helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying 	UNK
j. lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl 	UNK
enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , 	UNK
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains ... crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential . 	UNK
being gullible 	UNK
, insightful and entertaining 	UNK
generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again 	UNK
on a high note 	UNK
is a verbal duel between two gifted performers 	UNK
bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama 	UNK
to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' 	UNK
the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself 	UNK
unfilmable '' novels 	UNK
if not a home run , then at least a solid base hit . 	UNK
finest kind 	UNK
the characters never change . 	UNK
better movie 	UNK
an artistry that also smacks of revelation 	UNK
charismatic charmer 	UNK
covered earlier and much better 	UNK
does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen . 	UNK
fest that 'll put hairs on your chest 	UNK
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect 	UNK
that are as valid today 	UNK
kids-cute 	UNK
this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy . 	UNK
funny and touching film 	UNK
's sweet and fluffy at the time 	UNK
had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 	UNK
of international acclaim 	UNK
any dummies guide , something 	UNK
a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life . 	UNK
heaven 	UNK
of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh 	UNK
were any more of a turkey 	UNK
fun-seeking 	UNK
juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films . 	UNK
expert thriller 	UNK
a painless time-killer 	UNK
to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends 	UNK
it 's still not a good movie 	UNK
under its own meager weight 	UNK
left slightly disappointed 	UNK
`` far from heaven '' 	UNK
it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge 	UNK
a deliberative account of a lifestyle 	UNK
most inventive 	UNK
april 	UNK
always surprising 	UNK
can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality 	UNK
any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants 	UNK
a great cast 	UNK
an uncluttered , resonant gem 	UNK
he runs around and acts like a doofus 	UNK
acknowledges and celebrates 	UNK
susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	UNK
sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife 	UNK
hard-to-predict and absolutely essential 	UNK
a genre-curling crime story 	UNK
this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving 	UNK
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , 	UNK
period-piece movie-of-the-week 	UNK
musical passion 	UNK
its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances 	UNK
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art 	UNK
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and 	UNK
that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime 	UNK
about the human need for monsters to blame for all that 	UNK
imitative of innumerable 	UNK
corniest 	UNK
something bigger than yourself 	UNK
to sloppy plotting 	UNK
more fascinating than the results 	UNK
offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life 	UNK
carvey 's glory days 	UNK
for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness 	UNK
there 's an energy to y tu mamá también . 	UNK
ordinary and 	UNK
the tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot . 	UNK
shooting blanks 	UNK
make them laugh 	UNK
quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks 	UNK
must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work 	UNK
too predictable 	UNK
the killing field and 	UNK
felt performances 	UNK
true love 	UNK
there are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but 	UNK
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror/action hybrid . 	UNK
does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history 	UNK
a supremely kittenish performance 	UNK
it might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience 	UNK
's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle 	UNK
like a lazy summer afternoon 	UNK
pretty good execution 	UNK
appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) 	UNK
does the thoroughly formulaic film 	UNK
the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel 	UNK
there 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie . 	UNK
a mess . 	UNK
needed so badly 	UNK
, deeply absorbing piece 	UNK
grayish quality 	UNK
the action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up . 	UNK
to the soggy performances 	UNK
from david 's point of view 	UNK
feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community 	UNK
the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up 	UNK
to describe exactly how bad it is 	UNK
all the complexity and 	UNK
adorable italian guys . 	UNK
a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown . 	UNK
if i want a real movie , i 'll buy the criterion dvd . 	UNK
stumbles 	UNK
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- 	UNK
( a ) thoughtful , visually graceful 	UNK
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece . 	UNK
fact , 	UNK
goes on and on and on and on 	UNK
funny , uplifting and moving 	UNK
being simpleminded 	UNK
give `` scratch '' a second look 	UNK
smart , sassy and 	UNK
enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest 	UNK
informative , intriguing , observant , 	UNK
relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . 	UNK
contrived 	UNK
uses its pulpy core conceit 	UNK
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest 	UNK
deft sense 	UNK
are terribly wasted 	UNK
is a relationship that is worthy of our respect 	UNK
who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil 	UNK
light , fun cheese puff 	UNK
is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth 	UNK
, it 's also somewhat clumsy . 	UNK
ignore the reputation , and ignore the film 	UNK
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target . 	UNK
the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box 	UNK
reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating 	UNK
leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance 	UNK
's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as the son 's room 	UNK
kind , unapologetic , sweetheart 	UNK
the power of this movie is undeniable . 	UNK
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider 's performance is so fine , it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . 	UNK
purposes of bland hollywood romance 	UNK
a funny film . 	UNK
plot contrivances 	UNK
, one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop . 	UNK
, spirited away is a triumph of imagination 	UNK
pointless , meandering 	UNK
engaging , surprisingly 	UNK
not just ticking , but humming 	UNK
ya-ya 's 	UNK
the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year . 	UNK
exactly what it wants to be 	UNK
amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings 	UNK
keeps you guessing at almost every turn 	UNK
a lame kiddie flick 	UNK
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema 	UNK
none of this is meaningful or memorable , 	UNK
an utterly incompetent conclusion 	UNK
fake backdrops 	UNK
laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma . 	UNK
a bad sitcom 	UNK
is the energetic frontman 	UNK
most exciting 	UNK
as enlightening , insightful and entertaining 	UNK
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and 	UNK
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented 	UNK
to look at , listen to , and think about 	UNK
loved the people onscreen 	UNK
very 	UNK
is frustratingly unconvincing 	UNK
, especially with the weak payoff 	UNK
invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets 	UNK
engaging film 	UNK
a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought 	UNK
cliched and clunky 	UNK
most oddly honest hollywood document 	UNK
has stopped challenging himself 	UNK
vile , incoherent 	UNK
make it as much fun 	UNK
healing 	UNK
any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought 	UNK
vulgar dialogue and 	UNK
who knows how to hold the screen 	UNK
that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world 	UNK
a few gut-busting laughs 	UNK
exaggerated and broad 	UNK
like it 's wasted yours 	UNK
shallow , offensive and redundant 	UNK
waltzed itself into the art film pantheon 	UNK
over the end of cinema 	UNK
a pretty funny movie 	UNK
one-star rating 	UNK
as crisp and 	UNK
's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s . 	UNK
moving 	UNK
it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) . 	UNK
of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand 	UNK
unfortunately , it 's also not very good . 	UNK
blithe rebel fantasy 	UNK
the emperor 's club , 	UNK
paved with good intentions leads to the video store 	UNK
myers 	UNK
pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess 	UNK
trying to have the best of both worlds 	UNK
doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights 	UNK
through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem 	UNK
a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack 	UNK
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances , 	UNK
makes it seem 	UNK
too often , son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . '' 	UNK
, the film certainly does n't disappoint . 	UNK
to win any academy awards 	UNK
amazing ! 	UNK
a solid cast 	UNK
`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors 	UNK
chilling , and affecting 	UNK
if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair 	UNK
the pleasure 	UNK
flabbergasting principals 	UNK
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short 	UNK
effortlessly draws you in 	UNK
us nothing new 	UNK
, and at times uncommonly moving 	UNK
minor-league 	UNK
much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here . 	UNK
made literature literal without killing its soul 	UNK
a slap-happy mood 	UNK
sufficiently 	UNK
juiceless 	UNK
passion and attitude 	UNK
a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con 	UNK
literary detective story 	UNK
made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit 	UNK
the whole package 	UNK
feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority . 	UNK
delivers more goodies 	UNK
dragons 	UNK
this movie is 90 minutes long , and 	UNK
kidman 	UNK
curiously tepid and choppy recycling 	UNK
with a taste for exaggeration 	UNK
as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at 	UNK
together writer-director danny verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt . 	UNK
bizarre developments 	UNK
the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community 	UNK
life-changing 	UNK
informative 	UNK
a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , 	UNK
prickly 	UNK
dangerously collide 	UNK
thrills 	UNK
both gentle and biting 	UNK
the reunion 	UNK
anyone can relate 	UNK
the most genuinely sweet films 	UNK
aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand . 	UNK
of an expert thriller 	UNK
like movies that demand four hankies 	UNK
of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise 	UNK
a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents . 	UNK
exalted 	UNK
the magic ( and original running time ) of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away 	UNK
not number 1 	UNK
, discerning taste 	UNK
makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates . 	UNK
that should bolster director and co-writer 	UNK
all the heart 	UNK
from the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line , `` besotted '' is misbegotten 	UNK
at this nonsensical story 	UNK
like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors 	UNK
charitable 	UNK
being a complete waste of time 	UNK
an exquisite motion picture in its own right 	UNK
meditative 	UNK
very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb 	UNK
are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise . 	UNK
a major waste 	UNK
its exquisite acting , 	UNK
enhance 	UNK
what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook 	UNK
are first-rate 	UNK
in a class by itself 	UNK
of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested 	UNK
a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy . 	UNK
there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy 	UNK
to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 	UNK
spontaneous creativity 	UNK
exudes 	UNK
is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye 	UNK
that the ` true story ' by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen 	UNK
ride around a pretty tattered old carousel 	UNK
for the wan , thinly sketched story 	UNK
also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us 	UNK
every theater stuck with it 	UNK
that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget 	UNK
love and compassion 	UNK
given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform 	UNK
if you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus 	UNK
admirably 	UNK
thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change 	UNK
may not add up to the sum of its parts 	UNK
wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways . 	UNK
the delete key 	UNK
a worthwhile environmental message 	UNK
( and fairly unbelievable ) 	UNK
take away the controversy 	UNK
worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen 	UNK
a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being . 	UNK
inter-species 	UNK
otherwise the production is suitably elegant 	UNK
admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent 's complaint . 	UNK
lets her love depraved leads meet , ( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 	UNK
scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm 	UNK
life-affirming 	UNK
witty , improbable romantic comedy 	UNK
it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur 	UNK
a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up 	UNK
bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams . 	UNK
bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma 	UNK
crafted , 	UNK
compelling pre-wwii drama 	UNK
that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable 	UNK
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , 	UNK
its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture 	UNK
please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and 	UNK
creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity 	UNK
bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time 	UNK
so charmless and vacant 	UNK
lameness 	UNK
in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other 	UNK
one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece . 	UNK
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse . 	UNK
transforms one of ( shakespeare 's ) deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy 	UNK
is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe 	UNK
me feeling refreshed and hopeful 	UNK
even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension 	UNK
charmless and vacant 	UNK
ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically . 	UNK
disturbing . 	UNK
the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director phillip ) noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill . 	UNK
show more of the dilemma , rather than 	UNK
less-is-more approach 	UNK
deeply humanistic 	UNK
its own breezy , distracted rhythms 	UNK
to be startled when you 're almost dozing 	UNK
likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 	UNK
... while dark water is n't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor . 	UNK
a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender 	UNK
every visual joke is milked , 	UNK
takes form 	UNK
keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease . 	UNK
inadvertently sidesplitting it 	UNK
uplifting and 	UNK
rollicking 	UNK
a compassionate , moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp . 	UNK
gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material 	UNK
jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations 	UNK
an artistry 	UNK
with phony imagery or music 	UNK
sit through crap like this 	UNK
its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks 	UNK
its music or 	UNK
no good answer 	UNK
it 's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy . 	UNK
is one word that best describes this film : honest 	UNK
creative urge 	UNK
far more interesting than the story at hand 	UNK
with his talent 	UNK
top billing 	UNK
as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts 	UNK
given this movie a rating of zero 	UNK
inside it he 's well worth spending some time with 	UNK
step backward 	UNK
if the movie knew what to do with him 	UNK
fantastically vital movie 	UNK
let 's get this thing over with 	UNK
that kind of impact on me these days 	UNK
` perfection 	UNK
returns the martial arts master to top form 	UNK
raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll 	UNK
the lustrous polished visuals 	UNK
more busy than exciting 	UNK
inspiring and pure joy 	UNK
mr. spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned . 	UNK
no good inside dope 	UNK
like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely . 	UNK
to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle 	UNK
too long has ignored 	UNK
opportunists 	UNK
it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad 	UNK
combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs . 	UNK
cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera . 	UNK
the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and 	UNK
will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment 	UNK
religion that dares to question an ancient faith 	UNK
suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production 	UNK
pack your knitting needles . 	UNK
too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot . 	UNK
stay away . 	UNK
did we really need a remake of `` charade ? 	UNK
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and 	UNK
above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks 	UNK
ally 	UNK
really , really good things 	UNK
in the 	UNK
has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story 	UNK
so vividly 	UNK
, we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and meat loaf explodes . 	UNK
that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california 	UNK
as grand as the lord of the rings 	UNK
out mediocre 	UNK
that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal 	UNK
are in this tepid genre offering 	UNK
staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors 	UNK
so compellingly 	UNK
... spiced with humor ( ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and 	UNK
a sick , twisted sort of way 	UNK
hitler 	UNK
one hour photo lives down to its title . 	UNK
bodily function jokes 	UNK
limited by its short running time 	UNK
make a terrific effort 	UNK
slight but enjoyable documentary . 	UNK
comes from the heart . 	UNK
seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves . 	UNK
did n't offer an advance screening 	UNK
, there 's something creepy about this movie . 	UNK
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates 	UNK
dimwits 	UNK
sweet , melancholy spell 	UNK
should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations 	UNK
what 's most refreshing about real women have curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors . 	UNK
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick . 	UNK
been shot 	UNK
intelligent , 	UNK
every bit as filling as the treat of the title 	UNK
looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting 	UNK
cuts corners 	UNK
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film 	UNK
overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes 	UNK
some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance 	UNK
drains his movie of all individuality 	UNK
has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle 	UNK
is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do 	UNK
be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls 	UNK
create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , 	UNK
awkward structure 	UNK
burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol 	UNK
a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward : celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs . 	UNK
just for sitting through it 	UNK
strangely tempting 	UNK
that few movies have ever approached 	UNK
artless 	UNK
a great writer and dubious human being 	UNK
make it human 	UNK
admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations 	UNK
violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining 	UNK
as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers . 	UNK
with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese 	UNK
spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . 	UNK
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so 	UNK
stands for milder is n't better 	UNK
on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored 	UNK
more successful 	UNK
the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady 's direction is prosaic 	UNK
excites 	UNK
of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark 	UNK
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics 	UNK
a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script 	UNK
's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' 	UNK
every moment crackles with tension 	UNK
tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life 	UNK
, does not work . 	UNK
features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory . 	UNK
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort 	UNK
gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense 	UNK
lives count 	UNK
is a filmmaker of impressive talent . 	UNK
vivid , spicy footnote 	UNK
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story . 	UNK
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 	UNK
bludgeoning 	UNK
is also beautifully acted 	UNK
the misery 	UNK
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives 	UNK
take as many drugs as the film 's characters 	UNK
impenetrable and insufferable ball 	UNK
kept much of the plot 	UNK
dips key moments from the film 	UNK
is a film in which the talent is undeniable 	UNK
garish showcase 	UNK
puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less . 	UNK
a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity . 	UNK
in the real world , an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` girl in bar # 3 . '' 	UNK
manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk 	UNK
a key strength 	UNK
at the mercy of its inventiveness 	UNK
without being memorable 	UNK
make up for an unfocused screenplay 	UNK
the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . ' 	UNK
that so often end up on cinema screens 	UNK
's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , 	UNK
dynamic 	UNK
is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel . 	UNK
's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic 	UNK
enervating 	UNK
( hayek ) 	UNK
impressive in imax dimensions 	UNK
the script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors . 	UNK
an uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films based on philip k. dick stories . 	UNK
gorgeous piano 	UNK
wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films . 	UNK
enough is just the ticket you need . 	UNK
in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario 	UNK
is truly gorgeous to behold . 	UNK
captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other 	UNK
has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else 	UNK
a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls . 	UNK
sophomore slump 	UNK
no lika da accents so good 	UNK
seems embarrassed to be part of 	UNK
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , 	UNK
is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain 	UNK
their contrast 	UNK
as simultaneously funny 	UNK
camouflage how bad his movie is 	UNK
a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative 	UNK
's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him . 	UNK
will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits . 	UNK
determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering 	UNK
replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks 	UNK
is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful 	UNK
despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . 	UNK
is a masterpiece 	UNK
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective 	UNK
the living hell 	UNK
the idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run . 	UNK
with conspicuous success 	UNK
may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar . 	UNK
a breath of fresh air 	UNK
insomnia is one of the year 's best films 	UNK
it is laughingly enjoyable 	UNK
it just is n't a very involving one 	UNK
's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish . 	UNK
plays as dramatic 	UNK
it 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but 	UNK
artsy 	UNK
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite . 	UNK
do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch 	UNK
sand 's masculine persona 	UNK
get into heaven 	UNK
almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us . 	UNK
deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty 	UNK
is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way . 	UNK
's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year 	UNK
is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion 	UNK
succeed merrily 	UNK
sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own 	UNK
is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie . 	UNK
keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity 	UNK
, contemplative , and sublimely beautiful . 	UNK
all manner of lame entertainment 	UNK
action-packed chiller 	UNK
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness . 	UNK
the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy . 	UNK
is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience 	UNK
in a tasteful , intelligent manner 	UNK
a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people 	UNK
handsomely 	UNK
about a family 's joyous life 	UNK
of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle . 	UNK
a lot better 	UNK
uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them 	UNK
too clever by about nine-tenths . 	UNK
the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy 	UNK
to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls 	UNK
, soderbergh 's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem . 	UNK
, redundant , sloppy 	UNK
insightfully written 	UNK
with raw emotions 	UNK
ear-pleasing 	UNK
the only surprise 	UNK
, it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking . 	UNK
the slack complacency 	UNK
from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings 	UNK
the comedy 	UNK
instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness . 	UNK
is so bad 	UNK
is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge 	UNK
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but 	UNK
requisite faux-urban vibe 	UNK
after you laugh once ( maybe twice ) 	UNK
a french film with a more down-home flavor . 	UNK
have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned 	UNK
over-dramatic at times 	UNK
so many flaws 	UNK
to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time 	UNK
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it 	UNK
he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal 	UNK
, haphazard , and inconsequential romantic 	UNK
ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation 	UNK
on mindless action 	UNK
is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and `` ocean 's eleven , '' 	UNK
impossible , irrevocable choices 	UNK
for both children and parents 	UNK
motivate 	UNK
insufferably tedious and turgid 	UNK
sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting 	UNK
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' 	UNK
fine production 	UNK
monotony 	UNK
crippled by poor casting . 	UNK
walk out of the good girl 	UNK
adrift , bentley and hudson 	UNK
be something really good 	UNK
to infamy 	UNK
'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture 	UNK
by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances 	UNK
daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds . 	UNK
gives everyone 	UNK
poetic , heartbreaking . 	UNK
worthy of the gong . 	UNK
its visual imagination 	UNK
savor the pleasure of his sounds and images 	UNK
only defies credibility 	UNK
of the other 	UNK
the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks 	UNK
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life 	UNK
best moments 	UNK
by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans 	UNK
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor 	UNK
you should be able to find better entertainment . 	UNK
the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap 	UNK
good cast 	UNK
is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs 	UNK
sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy 	UNK
drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers 	UNK
the flaws 	UNK
a real audience-pleaser 	UNK
achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions . 	UNK
gutless direction 	UNK
thoughtful dialogue 	UNK
has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet 	UNK
have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow 	UNK
ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second 	UNK
like a skillful fisher 	UNK
the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes 	UNK
the problems and characters it reveals 	UNK
is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period . 	UNK
the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy 	UNK
an exercise in chilling style 	UNK
cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer . 	UNK
underdog movie since the bad news bears 	UNK
if you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film . 	UNK
my greatest pictures , drunken master 	UNK
but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking 	UNK
a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age . 	UNK
a glorified sitcom , 	UNK
some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok 	UNK
drags the film down 	UNK
the superficial way 	UNK
elicit a chuckle 	UNK
a strong narrative 	UNK
about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller 	UNK
assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties 	UNK
featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 	UNK
bad of a movie 	UNK
saucy 	UNK
the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling 	UNK
hand in hand 	UNK
the overall feeling is genial and decent 	UNK
let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... ghost blimp ? 	UNK
power-lunchers 	UNK
offbeat humor , amusing characters 	UNK
ridiculous dialog 	UNK
no good inside dope , and 	UNK
beautifully crafted and brutally honest 	UNK
do n't have a clue on the park 	UNK
ca n't go wrong 	UNK
gooeyness 	UNK
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible 	UNK
an empty exercise , 	UNK
totally overwrought 	UNK
above the ordinary 	UNK
tries and tries hard 	UNK
in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow 	UNK
reliable 	UNK
quirky , original 	UNK
the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema . 	UNK
strikes a very resonant chord 	UNK
but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ... 	UNK
's impossible to shake . 	UNK
void 	UNK
it should pay reparations to viewers . 	UNK
is way , way off 	UNK
simple in form but rich with human events 	UNK
get in the way 	UNK
about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing 	UNK
not quite 	UNK
has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series 	UNK
subtle and richly 	UNK
we had to endure last summer , and 	UNK
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , i 'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl 	UNK
if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then triple x marks the spot . 	UNK
in some terrific setpieces 	UNK
could relish 	UNK
, they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . 	UNK
be shaking your head all the way to the credits 	UNK
consistently clever and suspenseful 	UNK
but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release 	UNK
amazingly dopey 	UNK
touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget 	UNK
reveals how bad an actress she is 	UNK
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars . 	UNK
's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , 	UNK
contemptuous of the single female population 	UNK
one of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces . 	UNK
laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through . 	UNK
garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating 	UNK
's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original . 	UNK
engaging examination 	UNK
is something of a triumph . 	UNK
, involving aragorn 's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . 	UNK
vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends 	UNK
the performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart . 	UNK
will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle . 	UNK
lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature 	UNK
hard ground 	UNK
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and 	UNK
is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count 	UNK
terms with his picture-perfect life 	UNK
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; 	UNK
is not only a pianist , but a good human being 	UNK
through recklessness and retaliation 	UNK
imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial 	UNK
during the long build-up of expository material 	UNK
was at least funny 	UNK
that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of 	UNK
its three-hour running time plays closer to two . 	UNK
delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario . 	UNK
amusing and 	UNK
overrun 	UNK
well shot 	UNK
sense-of-humour 	UNK
this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing 	UNK
exciting moviemaking 	UNK
, offensive and redundant 	UNK
rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture . 	UNK
it also treats the subject with fondness and respect 	UNK
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday . 	UNK
various victimized audience members 	UNK
you may be surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work . 	UNK
that works . 	UNK
animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world 	UNK
a big box of consolation candy 	UNK
`` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time 	UNK
the obnoxious special effects , 	UNK
giggles and 	UNK
say you were n't warned 	UNK
a great premise 	UNK
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , 	UNK
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point 	UNK
a fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh 	UNK
cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , 	UNK
a crowdpleaser as 	UNK
alcatraz 	UNK
she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground 	UNK
a low-rent retread of the alien 	UNK
's great cinematic polemic 	UNK
littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups . 	UNK
( soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness 	UNK
makes it a comic book with soul 	UNK
it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people 	UNK
unstoppable superman 	UNK
hilarious ode 	UNK
happy 	UNK
counter-cultural 	UNK
deflated 	UNK
a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message 	UNK
worthy 	UNK
dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song 	UNK
piffle 	UNK
freshly 	UNK
there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid 	UNK
dreary piece 	UNK
of magic 	UNK
birthday girl does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency . 	UNK
entirely witless and 	UNK
erotically 	UNK
unpleasant excuse 	UNK
a must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle . 	UNK
could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one . 	UNK
it wo n't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee . 	UNK
has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare . 	UNK
... even if you 've never heard of chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen . 	UNK
is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven 	UNK
make a hip comedy 	UNK
perfectly pleasant 	UNK
jackson 's 	UNK
and plastic knickknacks 	UNK
ambitious ` what if 	UNK
, it has considerable charm . 	UNK
artistes 	UNK
stretched out to feature 	UNK
is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs 	UNK
quite tasty 	UNK
a tightly directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways . 	UNK
go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies 	UNK
makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured . 	UNK
all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure 	UNK
any rock pile will do for a set . 	UNK
too shallow for an older one . 	UNK
have stayed there 	UNK
is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos . 	UNK
lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground 	UNK
any stylish sizzle 	UNK
is a director to watch 	UNK
with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out . 	UNK
even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash . 	UNK
precision 	UNK
the filmmakers just follow the books 	UNK
a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence 	UNK
loveable 	UNK
you can feel the love . 	UNK
the devastation of this disease 	UNK
, this is a must ! 	UNK
could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice 	UNK
love to have their kids 	UNK
marvelous 	UNK
into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion 	UNK
slick and 	UNK
robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates . 	UNK
begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters 	UNK
is the stuff that disney movies are made of 	UNK
bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio 	UNK
all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer . 	UNK
that i just did n't care 	UNK
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , 	UNK
is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit . 	UNK
lush 	UNK
familial 	UNK
absorbing and unsettling psychological drama 	UNK
this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired . 	UNK
comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible 	UNK
, alone , should scare any sane person away . 	UNK
a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli . 	UNK
look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown . 	UNK
a masterfully made one 	UNK
preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 	UNK
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- 	UNK
meditation ) 	UNK
a not-so-bright mother and daughter 	UNK
too good 	UNK
strange 	UNK
obstacles 	UNK
funny , even punny 6 	UNK
invincible 	UNK
better still 	UNK
may be shallow 	UNK
absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion 	UNK
no unifying rhythm 	UNK
` time waster ' 	UNK
drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) 	UNK
aggravating and 	UNK
stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill 	UNK
unwieldy contraption . 	UNK
could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary . 	UNK
suited to capture these musicians in full regalia 	UNK
this humbling little film , 	UNK
laughing at ' variety 	UNK
of the oscar wilde play 	UNK
be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie 	UNK
abandon '' 	UNK
circa 	UNK
a familiar road with a few twists 	UNK
thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending 	UNK
spectacular performance - ahem 	UNK
more precious than perspicacious 	UNK
like a side dish no one ordered 	UNK
takes every potential laugh 	UNK
far too cliched 	UNK
splatterfests 	UNK
important film 	UNK
todd solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique 	UNK
to indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant 	UNK
we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera 	UNK
most surprising thing 	UNK
's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful 	UNK
, memories and one fantastic visual trope 	UNK
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , 	UNK
does n't really go anywhere . 	UNK
the great american comedy 	UNK
are also 	UNK
approach to the workplace romantic comedy 	UNK
in fact , it does n't even seem like she tried . 	UNK
unimaginative screenwriter 's 	UNK
too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing 	UNK
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip 	UNK
the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers 	UNK
liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . 	UNK
a mostly magnificent directorial career 	UNK
imperfect 	UNK
gloriously alive 	UNK
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond 	UNK
is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while 	UNK
be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms 	UNK
has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen 	UNK
a sad , sordid universe 	UNK
bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state 	UNK
is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries 	UNK
is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables . 	UNK
did n't find much fascination in the swinging . 	UNK
wewannour money 	UNK
the funniest idea 	UNK
bean drops the ball too many times ... 	UNK
could be intriguing 	UNK
wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals 	UNK
been remarkable about clung-to traditions 	UNK
a zippy 96 minutes 	UNK
also one of the most curiously depressing 	UNK
that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship 	UNK
takes your breath away 	UNK
unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints 	UNK
dull-witted and disquietingly 	UNK
a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime . 	UNK
goals 	UNK
a tasty performance from vincent gallo 	UNK
commands attention . 	UNK
off spookily enough 	UNK
could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies . 	UNK
overwhelmed by its lack of purpose 	UNK
enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up 	UNK
a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh 	UNK
again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed . 	UNK
americans 	UNK
's a rather listless amble down 	UNK
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out 	UNK
what it lacks in outright newness 	UNK
is a sweet treasure and something well worth 	UNK
`` frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies . 	UNK
eight legged freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer . 	UNK
with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday 	UNK
far too tragic 	UNK
promising cast 	UNK
overflows with wisdom and emotion . 	UNK
a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past 	UNK
an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication . 	UNK
the plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours 	UNK
hell-jaunt purists 	UNK
expressive power 	UNK
did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery 	UNK
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time 	UNK
manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise . 	UNK
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget 	UNK
glaring and unforgettable . 	UNK
the benefit of being able to give full performances 	UNK
being insightful 	UNK
before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia 	UNK
is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything . 	UNK
's like a drive-by 	UNK
can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes 	UNK
urban south korea 	UNK
to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 	UNK
has done the nearly impossible . 	UNK
brother hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense 	UNK
simply feel wrong 	UNK
is extremely thorough 	UNK
to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy 	UNK
a fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , ` it 's never too late to believe in your dreams . ' 	UNK
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , 	UNK
feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen . 	UNK
involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together . 	UNK
a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york 	UNK
visual flourishes 	UNK
is n't really about anything . 	UNK
it 's got all the familiar bruckheimer elements , 	UNK
astonishing growth 	UNK
its surreal sense of humor and technological finish 	UNK
much further than we imagine 	UNK
their work is fantastic . 	UNK
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , 	UNK
do n't 	UNK
a most hard-hearted person 	UNK
your seat a couple of times 	UNK
serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool . 	UNK
... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film . 	UNK
an imaginative filmmaker 	UNK
for unexpectedly giddy viewing 	UNK
summer season 	UNK
if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' 	UNK
to be grandiloquent 	UNK
was daniel day-lewis . 	UNK
the feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept . 	UNK
love and power 	UNK
sit through , enjoy on a certain level and 	UNK
but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more . 	UNK
makes their project so interesting 	UNK
moralizing 	UNK
spectacular completion one 	UNK
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand 	UNK
if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags . 	UNK
an adventure story and history lesson 	UNK
to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke 	UNK
a plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households . 	UNK
, the movie is in a class by itself 	UNK
need not apply 	UNK
may be disappointed . 	UNK
a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation 	UNK
ignite 	UNK
where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace 	UNK
absolutely no idea 	UNK
was developed hastily after oedekerk 	UNK
quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to . 	UNK
than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series 	UNK
a teen movie with a humanistic message 	UNK
pieces of the famous director 's life 	UNK
rash 	UNK
its electronic expression through cyber culture 	UNK
to be the movie 's most admirable quality 	UNK
iwai 's gorgeous visuals 	UNK
, but with material this rich it does n't need it 	UNK
joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature 	UNK
could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen 	UNK
damn unpleasant 	UNK
bittersweet drama 	UNK
feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap 	UNK
clear point 	UNK
of rich detail condensed 	UNK
esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard 	UNK
much panache 	UNK
moments to keep it entertaining 	UNK
a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ? 	UNK
is a genuinely bone-chilling tale . 	UNK
messy 	UNK
the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines . 	UNK
find greatness 	UNK
too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) 	UNK
to please others 	UNK
does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency 	UNK
so bland 	UNK
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire 	UNK
is interested in nothing 	UNK
, quirky , original 	UNK
also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , 	UNK
the beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor . 	UNK
repellent 	UNK
before i see this piece of crap again 	UNK
romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . 	UNK
it 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful . 	UNK
is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries . 	UNK
an impressive and highly entertaining celebration 	UNK
unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness 	UNK
bombastic and ultimately empty 	UNK
ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man 	UNK
ugly behavior 	UNK
possibly the best actor 	UNK
a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie 	UNK
just another disjointed , 	UNK
a great piece of filmmaking 	UNK
breathtakingly 	UNK
find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop 	UNK
so vivid a portrait of a woman 	UNK
in the simple telling 	UNK
suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies 	UNK
one of the greatest films i 've ever seen . 	UNK
love , longing , and 	UNK
thoroughly satisfying 	UNK
what results is the best performance from either in years . 	UNK
, if uneven , 	UNK
entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... 	UNK
it 's the butt of its own joke 	UNK
exciting 	UNK
becalmed 	UNK
an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise 	UNK
expects something special but 	UNK
is silly but strangely believable 	UNK
just not a thrilling movie 	UNK
aimless , 	UNK
feel funny and light 	UNK
, they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset . 	UNK
, self-hating , self-destructive ways 	UNK
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet . 	UNK
is doa 	UNK
hip 	UNK
exhilarating , funny and fun 	UNK
whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear . 	UNK
could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again . 	UNK
you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . 	UNK
greengrass 	UNK
deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities 	UNK
robbed and 	UNK
following your dream 	UNK
it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression 	UNK
the intricate preciseness 	UNK
of bland hollywood romance 	UNK
not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece . 	UNK
is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction 	UNK
witless script 	UNK
the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection . 	UNK
that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day 	UNK
resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is 	UNK
beneath the film 's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve . 	UNK
should be thrown back in the river 	UNK
suspense , intriguing characters and 	UNK
comedy genre 	UNK
sabotaged 	UNK
on some levels 	UNK
a movie theater 	UNK
would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment . 	UNK
be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films 	UNK
the elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat 	UNK
highly spirited 	UNK
draws its considerable power 	UNK
the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie 	UNK
self-glorification and 	UNK
disguised 	UNK
suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc 	UNK
is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another 	UNK
sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects . 	UNK
had a lot of problems with this movie . 	UNK
galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie 	UNK
the most unpleasant things the studio 	UNK
too smug 	UNK
more than capable 	UNK
tackling serious themes 	UNK
even halfway scary 	UNK
and it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it . 	UNK
he seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither . 	UNK
wanes . 	UNK
is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters . 	UNK
unless bob crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression . 	UNK
i loved the look of this film . 	UNK
adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and 	UNK
makes you crave chris smith 's next movie 	UNK
except it 's much 	UNK
sterile and 	UNK
, but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored . 	UNK
the movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle . 	UNK
fudged opportunity 	UNK
thought-provoking picture . 	UNK
elegant , 	UNK
've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar . 	UNK
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study 	UNK
would n't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny 	UNK
this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then . 	UNK
into how long is this movie ? 	UNK
everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage 	UNK
so-so slapstick 	UNK
is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... 	UNK
clunky tv-movie approach 	UNK
a neat premise 	UNK
goal 	UNK
defined 	UNK
essentially `` fatal attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 . 	UNK
the funniest film 	UNK
that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another 	UNK
relayed by superb 	UNK
is strictly routine 	UNK
to give you brain strain 	UNK
great trashy fun 	UNK
with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption 	UNK
its social and political potential 	UNK
're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera 	UNK
dishonest and pat 	UNK
to find a place among the studio 's animated classics 	UNK
fondly 	UNK
makes up for in heart . 	UNK
his body 	UNK
both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks 	UNK
just more of the same 	UNK
be really awful 	UNK
orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . 	UNK
but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy 	UNK
an adrenaline boost 	UNK
are n't likely to leave a lasting impression . 	UNK
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and 	UNK
would -- with moist eyes 	UNK
is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans 	UNK
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : 	UNK
fun 	UNK
is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen 	UNK
reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer 	UNK
special p.o.v. camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen . 	UNK
offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single 	UNK
extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten . 	UNK
making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work 	UNK
have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy 	UNK
music you may not have heard before 	UNK
is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking 	UNK
white-knuckled and unable to look away 	UNK
the best short story writing 	UNK
a jackie chan movie 	UNK
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold 	UNK
christ 	UNK
( h ) ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang , i 'd want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by . 	UNK
triple x is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude 	UNK
the enduring strengths 	UNK
seen to better advantage on cable 	UNK
sub 	UNK
is n't exactly profound cinema 	UNK
of the worst films of 2002 	UNK
squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula 	UNK
it 's not too much of anything . 	UNK
does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along . 	UNK
warmed over pastiche 	UNK
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing 	UNK
pathetic as dahmer 	UNK
takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker 	UNK
hold up pretty well 	UNK
old age and grief 	UNK
the right to be favorably compared to das boot 	UNK
consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free 	UNK
marvelous first 101 minutes 	UNK
the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers 	UNK
has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit 	UNK
generate enough heat 	UNK
can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity . 	UNK
it 's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul . 	UNK
girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , 	UNK
out of control 	UNK
a beyond-lame satire 	UNK
it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events . 	UNK
blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances . 	UNK
feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time . 	UNK
revulsion 	UNK
, splashy and entertainingly nasty 	UNK
tolerable-to-adults 	UNK
is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters 	UNK
with amazing finesse , the film shadows heidi 's trip back to vietnam and the city where her mother , mai thi kim , still lives . 	UNK
layered , well-developed characters and 	UNK
is smarter and subtler than ( total recall and blade runner ) , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences 	UNK
need of a cube fix 	UNK
as boring and 	UNK
breathe out of every frame . 	UNK
recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting . 	UNK
are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations . 	UNK
the most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters . 	UNK
why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera 	UNK
as a surprisingly anemic disappointment 	UNK
who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture 	UNK
it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome . 	UNK
this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be . 	UNK
adam sandler assault 	UNK
refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy 	UNK
, the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 	UNK
the limits of what a film can be , 	UNK
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff . 	UNK
the real masterpiece 	UNK
do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ? 	UNK
peter out midway 	UNK
a remarkable new trick 	UNK
leaves a lot to be desired . 	UNK
that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus 	UNK
works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever 	UNK
but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging . 	UNK
a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex 	UNK
skins has a desolate air 	UNK
an art 	UNK
great cast 	UNK
feels uncomfortably real 	UNK
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness 	UNK
`` extreme ops '' exceeds expectations . 	UNK
good fight 	UNK
kind of an authentic feel 	UNK
daft by half ... but supremely good natured . 	UNK
does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift 	UNK
that gives hollywood sequels a bad name 	UNK
entertains 	UNK
's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . 	UNK
scary-funny 	UNK
favorite 	UNK
dreadful romance . 	UNK
so engagingly 	UNK
that it counts heart as important as humor 	UNK
bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story . 	UNK
sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach 	UNK
is smarter and subtler than ( total recall and blade runner ) , 	UNK
's like having an old friend for dinner ' 	UNK
involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light 	UNK
continuity errors 	UNK
's always enthralling 	UNK
with complications 	UNK
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since the evil dead . 	UNK
to guilt-trip parents 	UNK
it succeeds 	UNK
that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action 	UNK
impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change 	UNK
, windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material . 	UNK
every cliché 	UNK
the immersive powers 	UNK
canada 	UNK
slow , painful healing process 	UNK
the notion of deleting emotion from people 	UNK
a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama . 	UNK
infuses 	UNK
a wannabe comedy 	UNK
with the prospect of films like kangaroo jack about to burst across america 's winter movie screens it 's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative . 	UNK
would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility 	UNK
crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy 	UNK
enjoyment 	UNK
has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end 	UNK
a huge cut of above the rest 	UNK
the plot almost arbitrary 	UNK
delightfully charming 	UNK
of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions 	UNK
also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . 	UNK
awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude 	UNK
this one is a few bits funnier than malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks . 	UNK
fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . 	UNK
will likely prefer to keep on watching . 	UNK
unclear 	UNK
getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable 	UNK
expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street 	UNK
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo . 	UNK
routine crime 	UNK
's propelled by the acting 	UNK
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad 	UNK
usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails 	UNK
a remarkable film by bernard rose . 	UNK
can easily worm its way into your heart . ' 	UNK
take credit for most of the movie 's success 	UNK
its leaden acting , dull exposition 	UNK
the hallucinatory drug culture 	UNK
comic slugfest 	UNK
it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular 	UNK
as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished 	UNK
that should be punishable by chainsaw 	UNK
fully ` rendered ' 	UNK
the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment . 	UNK
was n't just bad 	UNK
the director is a magician 	UNK
sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen 	UNK
also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare 	UNK
to have fun with it 	UNK
by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate 	UNK
be nominated for an oscar next year 	UNK
the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum 	UNK
spirals downward , 	UNK
gentle but insistent sincerity 	UNK
it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera 	UNK
, daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope 	UNK
are n't likely to leave a lasting impression 	UNK
holocaust literature 	UNK
a good vampire tale 	UNK
disease-of-the-week 	UNK
winning actor 	UNK
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , 	UNK
is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family 	UNK
settled for a lugubrious romance 	UNK
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction . 	UNK
its best , 	UNK
the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing 	UNK
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , 	UNK
an invaluable record 	UNK
surprising highs 	UNK
an unusually surreal tone 	UNK
is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness 	UNK
makes your teeth hurt 	UNK
reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . 	UNK
a retread 	UNK
opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest 	UNK
it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt 	UNK
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths 	UNK
in manipulation and mayhem 	UNK
we have come to love 	UNK
awesome work : 	UNK
reveal his impressively delicate range 	UNK
caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater 	UNK
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and 	UNK
stay with the stage versions , however , 	UNK
it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults 	UNK
was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive 	UNK
of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized 	UNK
a feeble tootsie knockoff . 	UNK
while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today 	UNK
many a hollywood romance 	UNK
immense imax screen 	UNK
infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own 	UNK
in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids 	UNK
directed with purpose and finesse by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing 	UNK
the summer 's most pleasurable movies 	UNK
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , 	UNK
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares 	UNK
this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here . 	UNK
road movie , coming-of-age story and 	UNK
eee for excitement 	UNK
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' 	UNK
might have required genuine acting from ms. spears 	UNK
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story 	UNK
`` based on true events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 	UNK
is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 	UNK
works so well for the first 89 minutes 	UNK
the entire cast is extraordinarily good . 	UNK
had the misfortune to watch in quite some time 	UNK
about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; 	UNK
is a movie that deserves recommendation 	UNK
a fair share 	UNK
a rather bland 	UNK
big time 	UNK
shame 	UNK
hallmark film 	UNK
1937 breakthrough 	UNK
pleasant 	UNK
fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of 	UNK
of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents 	UNK
none of this is very original 	UNK
several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is 	UNK
preposterous , prurient whodunit 	UNK
as hilarious 	UNK
does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy . 	UNK
to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen 	UNK
wonderfully lush 	UNK
, sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . 	UNK
were wonderful 	UNK
twenty years after its first release , e.t. remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career . 	UNK
makes a better short story 	UNK
-- and timely -- 	UNK
unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it 	UNK
the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience 	UNK
-- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- 	UNK
's no reason to miss interview with the assassin 	UNK
fun and funny in the middle , 	UNK
take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride . 	UNK
were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities 	UNK
the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem 	UNK
you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell . 	UNK
dull , lifeless , and irritating 	UNK
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out . 	UNK
dark places 	UNK
a very depressing movie of many 	UNK
it is very difficult to care about the character , and 	UNK
built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids . 	UNK
is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home 	UNK
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ? 	UNK
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and 	UNK
a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot . 	UNK
sincerely 	UNK
can you take before indigestion sets in 	UNK
crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings . 	UNK
somnambulant exercise 	UNK
is destined to be the 21st century 's new `` conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal . 	UNK
it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle 	UNK
family fun 	UNK
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it . 	UNK
are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook 	UNK
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable . 	UNK
fans will undoubtedly enjoy it 	UNK
's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss 	UNK
of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy ) 	UNK
to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater 	UNK
berling and béart ... continue to impress 	UNK
caper thrills 	UNK
in a series of relentlessly nasty situations 	UNK
a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure 	UNK
establish mr. cantet as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace 	UNK
a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life 	UNK
beneath the familiar , funny surface 	UNK
definitely funny stuff , 	UNK
channeling kathy baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women 's augustine 	UNK
serious contender 	UNK
a talent 	UNK
contradicts 	UNK
broadway 	UNK
none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies 	UNK
squeeze a few laughs 	UNK
of a sick and evil woman 	UNK
diverse and astonishingly articulate 	UNK
in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality 	UNK
did i miss something 	UNK
rather unbelievable 	UNK
if you recognize zeus ( the dog from snatch ) it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one . 	UNK
is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie 	UNK
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school 	UNK
cheery and tranquil suburban life 	UNK
weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen . 	UNK
with a zippy jazzy score 	UNK
very interesting 	UNK
nice change 	UNK
... tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here ... 	UNK
cheered 	UNK
undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering 	UNK
as that sentiment 	UNK
restrictive and chaotic 	UNK
is a failure . 	UNK
candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars 	UNK
is rote work and predictable 	UNK
while insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth . 	UNK
scored and powered 	UNK
a dreary , humorless soap opera 	UNK
ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience 	UNK
glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat 	UNK
a terrible strength 	UNK
have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant 	UNK
straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it . 	UNK
the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like tremors 	UNK
realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already 	UNK
chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department . 	UNK
of epic scale 	UNK
, the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes . 	UNK
there is little else to recommend `` never again . '' 	UNK
you 'll love this movie . 	UNK
sheer joy and pride 	UNK
inspires 	UNK
is perfectly creepy and believable . 	UNK
an already obscure demographic 	UNK
is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams 	UNK
a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and 	UNK
's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar . 	UNK
that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes 	UNK
cliched dialogue and 	UNK
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and 	UNK
an actual story 	UNK
it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why 	UNK
makes barbershop so likable 	UNK
the precision of the insurance actuary 	UNK
deserving 	UNK
turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny 	UNK
the one-sided theme 	UNK
is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins 	UNK
a minor miracle of self-expression 	UNK
of hackery 	UNK
hack script 	UNK
has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange 	UNK
becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the papin sisters . 	UNK
like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable 	UNK
a retread story 	UNK
sense-of-humour failure 	UNK
blaxploitation spoof 	UNK
bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . 	UNK
would force you to give it a millisecond of thought 	UNK
smart and funny 	UNK
jim brown 	UNK
layered 	UNK
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. -- 	UNK
splashy and 	UNK
thoroughly formulaic film 	UNK
her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , 	UNK
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , 	UNK
goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots 	UNK
will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers 	UNK
with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master 	UNK
suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc . 	UNK
with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count 	UNK
others do n't , 	UNK
humble , teach and 	UNK
never once predictable 	UNK
increasingly amused 	UNK
too-frosty exterior 	UNK
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette 	UNK
by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances 	UNK
few cheap shocks 	UNK
still charming 	UNK
the formula is familiar but enjoyable . 	UNK
quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation 	UNK
lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho . 	UNK
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is 	UNK
feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy 	UNK
insulted 	UNK
men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance 	UNK
's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy 	UNK
it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker . 	UNK
the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain 	UNK
my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures . 	UNK
swooning melodrama 	UNK
stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable 	UNK
make a clear point 	UNK
fertile 	UNK
energetic and sweetly whimsical 	UNK
but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history 	UNK
playful but highly studied and 	UNK
it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime 	UNK
the river 	UNK
laudable 	UNK
this overproduced piece of dreck 	UNK
there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all . 	UNK
a keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters 	UNK
vibrance and 	UNK
cute animals and 	UNK
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise 	UNK
going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster 	UNK
faux-urban 	UNK
's most memorable about circuit 	UNK
feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs 	UNK
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , 	UNK
semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet 	UNK
its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story . 	UNK
, all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor . 	UNK
a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget 	UNK
reassuring 	UNK
with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte 's web of desire and desperation 	UNK
very talented but underutilized 	UNK
extraordinary journalism 	UNK
works more often than it does n't 	UNK
skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation 	UNK
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report 	UNK
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products ... 	UNK
it 's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it . 	UNK
good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart 	UNK
foul-mouthed 	UNK
sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness . 	UNK
the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned 	UNK
particularly amateurish episode 	UNK
failed jokes , 	UNK
downward 	UNK
's tough to watch 	UNK
tragedies 	UNK
a smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search 	UNK
as with all ambitious films , it has some problems 	UNK
a frustrating patchwork 	UNK
like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film 	UNK
cheap , ludicrous attempt 	UNK
deftly executed 	UNK
hugh grant 's act is so consuming that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are . 	UNK
not even solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it . 	UNK
chance to shine 	UNK
to be somebody , and 	UNK
is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls 	UNK
would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness . 	UNK
sexual relationship 	UNK
of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy 	UNK
for the film 's winning tone 	UNK
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had . 	UNK
the enjoyable undercover brother 	UNK
is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend 	UNK
rant 	UNK
is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live 	UNK
has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate . 	UNK
when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble . 	UNK
inactive 	UNK
worst films 	UNK
ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time 	UNK
, they ca n't go wrong . 	UNK
the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong . 	UNK
the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach 	UNK
' the play more has partly closed it down . 	UNK
, nonsensical and formulaic 	UNK
sexy beast 	UNK
, we need agile performers 	UNK
entertainingly 	UNK
tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian 	UNK
the brawn , but not the brains 	UNK
this might have been an eerie thriller 	UNK
solidly 	UNK
a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher 	UNK
plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out . 	UNK
's burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown . 	UNK
's a bargain-basement european pickup . 	UNK
inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage 	UNK
conned 	UNK
it 's kinda dumb . 	UNK
video , and 	UNK
beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade 	UNK
user-friendly 	UNK
the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe 	UNK
a very distinctive sensibility , 	UNK
a movie as artificial and soulless 	UNK
broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and 	UNK
us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer 	UNK
its predecessors proud 	UNK
by mediocrity 	UNK
keep it entertaining 	UNK
is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike 	UNK
's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable . 	UNK
done and perfectly 	UNK
the action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , 	UNK
they do in this marvelous film 	UNK
is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time 	UNK
feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story 	UNK
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic . 	UNK
rape-payback 	UNK
of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion 	UNK
a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment 	UNK
is more of an ordeal than an amusement . 	UNK
, murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling . 	UNK
jiang wen 's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut . 	UNK
like a drunken driver 	UNK
... unbearably lame . 	UNK
now it is a copy of a copy of a copy 	UNK
the underworld urban angst is derivative of martin scorsese 's taxi driver and goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself . 	UNK
are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations 	UNK
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness . 	UNK
less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates 	UNK
of hope 	UNK
is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame . 	UNK
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer 	UNK
a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man 's quest to find an old flame . 	UNK
a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast 	UNK
is , by itself , deserving of discussion 	UNK
gives a superb performance full of deep feeling . 	UNK
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down . 	UNK
an accessible introduction 	UNK
, but far more witty 	UNK
this wedding 	UNK
exceptional honesty 	UNK
is more than a movie . 	UNK
too many 	UNK
ugly-duckling 	UNK
a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age 	UNK
mostly repetitive 	UNK
the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified martin lawrence lovefest 	UNK
the director 's many dodges and turns 	UNK
the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack 	UNK
none of which ever seem to hit 	UNK
while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances 	UNK
are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , 	UNK
handily 	UNK
it 's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom . 	UNK
dutifully pulling on heartstrings 	UNK
( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , 	UNK
an oscar-worthy performance 	UNK
the bland songs 	UNK
succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system . 	UNK
kind of special 	UNK
that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary 	UNK
rush to the theater 	UNK
end all chases 	UNK
a fan 	UNK
be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid 	UNK
all its strange quirks 	UNK
have failed 	UNK
proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings 	UNK
director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning . 	UNK
had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 	UNK
's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters . 	UNK
is , in a word , brilliant 	UNK
's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination . 	UNK
well 	UNK
most damning 	UNK
force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover 	UNK
that the material is so second-rate 	UNK
by the time the credits roll across the pat ending 	UNK
serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool 	UNK
trapped and 	UNK
enjoyed it just as much ! 	UNK
tale 	UNK
in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris . 	UNK
would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop . 	UNK
elicits strong performances 	UNK
good qualities 	UNK
paranoia 	UNK
mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering 	UNK
in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears 	UNK
his life , his dignity and his music 	UNK
looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise 	UNK
disconcertingly 	UNK
mel 	UNK
realism , crisp storytelling 	UNK
supposed to feel funny and light 	UNK
scare 	UNK
seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference 	UNK
catches dramatic fire 	UNK
recycling 	UNK
broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car . 	UNK
you feel like running out screaming 	UNK
with a sharp script and strong performances 	UNK
-- and not in a good way 	UNK
been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better . 	UNK
sneaks up on the viewer 	UNK
gasp 	UNK
do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? 	UNK
decorous 	UNK
gets vivid performances 	UNK
as my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' 	UNK
a dashing and absorbing 	UNK
that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen 	UNK
a buoyant , expressive flow 	UNK
such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and 	UNK
the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream 	UNK
by storm 	UNK
, it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome . 	UNK
, violent , self-indulgent and maddening 	UNK
, payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box . 	UNK
no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast , but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing . 	UNK
to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama 	UNK
assured in its execution 	UNK
a terrible movie 	UNK
illuminated 	UNK
poignant if familiar story of a young person 	UNK
homogenized and a bit contrived 	UNK
the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people 	UNK
is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it 	UNK
producer john penotti 	UNK
is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up 	UNK
smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams 	UNK
from being a total rehash 	UNK
international acclaim 	UNK
his self-inflicted retaliation 	UNK
you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out 	UNK
p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance 	UNK
something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern 	UNK
surprised at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work 	UNK
eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch 	UNK
fast-paced 	UNK
of a film that does n't know what it wants to be 	UNK
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched 	UNK
perceptive 	UNK
's kinda dumb . 	UNK
opens today 	UNK
dead gorgeous 	UNK
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall . 	UNK
there are entertaining and audacious moments 	UNK
by all means 	UNK
about sorority boys 	UNK
feels like a book report 	UNK
dull , inconsistent , dishonest 	UNK
neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy 	UNK
the most accomplished work 	UNK
this rush to profits 	UNK
to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art 	UNK
the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental 	UNK
of martha stewart decorating program run amok 	UNK
by a natural sense for what works 	UNK
unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head 	UNK
creep 	UNK
directed the film from the back of a taxicab 	UNK
the marvelous verdu 	UNK
has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break 	UNK
would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ? 	UNK
zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' , who needs enemies 	UNK
sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often 	UNK
is a riot . 	UNK
of demme 's good films 	UNK
but ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters . 	UNK
they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck . 	UNK
structure and 	UNK
drug-induced bowel 	UNK
matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible 	UNK
does n't deliver a great story , 	UNK
soul-searching 	UNK
is masterful . 	UNK
a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks 	UNK
the work of a genuine and singular artist 	UNK
's nowhere near as good as the original 	UNK
really good premise 	UNK
of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone 	UNK
just is n't worth telling 	UNK
never rises to its clever what-if concept . 	UNK
an empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal . 	UNK
by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails 	UNK
you know there 's something there . 	UNK
into a warmed over pastiche 	UNK
wear thin 	UNK
weighs down 	UNK
promising debut 	UNK
heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry . 	UNK
by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat 	UNK
stunning film 	UNK
a quaint , romanticized rendering . 	UNK
that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature 	UNK
potty-mouthed 	UNK
listless sci-fi comedy 	UNK
combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't hollywood think of this sooner ? 	UNK
comic voice 	UNK
with strange and wonderful creatures 	UNK
the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies 	UNK
that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally 	UNK
, i was entranced . 	UNK
but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us . 	UNK
bad 	UNK
looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab 	UNK
's that good 	UNK
is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip 	UNK
it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab 	UNK
, open-hearted film 	UNK
sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic 	UNK
is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , 	UNK
everett remains a perfect wildean actor , 	UNK
about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast 	UNK
choppy and sloppy 	UNK
for all the wrong reasons besides . 	UNK
so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama 	UNK
to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out 	UNK
the best special effects 	UNK
more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- 	UNK
the urge to doze 	UNK
studios 	UNK
amusing and engrossing 	UNK
imagines 	UNK
with alexandre desplat 's haunting and sublime music 	UNK
its unerring respect 	UNK
adds an almost constant mindset of suspense 	UNK
virulent and foul-natured 	UNK
watching these two actors play 	UNK
their seats 	UNK
's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant . 	UNK
's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention 	UNK
a true adaptation 	UNK
admirable rigor 	UNK
sweeping , 	UNK
of authentically impulsive humor 	UNK
would have likely wound up a tnt original 	UNK
the way chekhov is funny 	UNK
rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 	UNK
-- sadly -- dull 	UNK
the always hilarious meara and 	UNK
, love , duty and friendship 	UNK
, a ripping good yarn is told . 	UNK
explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence 	UNK
virtuosity 	UNK
sympathizing 	UNK
phony relationship 	UNK
, poignant and leavened 	UNK
what on earth is going on 	UNK
a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' is given a full workout . 	UNK
a gorgeous film 	UNK
major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche 	UNK
tara reid plays a college journalist , 	UNK
it marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today . 	UNK
's most substantial feature for some time . 	UNK
powerful and deeply moving 	UNK
this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs 	UNK
the touch is generally light enough 	UNK
arbitrarily plotted 	UNK
every visual joke is milked 	UNK
sappy ethnic sleeper 	UNK
give 	UNK
facetious 	UNK
new insight 	UNK
straight-to-video movie 	UNK
double-barreled rip-off 	UNK
and drab wannabe 	UNK
are intriguing and realistic 	UNK
trumpet blast that there may be a new mexican cinema a-bornin ' . ' 	UNK
rather leaden and dull 	UNK
child abuse 	UNK
the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness . 	UNK
a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms . 	UNK
unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest 	UNK
moral favorite 	UNK
'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget 	UNK
as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work 	UNK
that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such 	UNK
when the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . ' 	UNK
its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing 	UNK
a woefully dull 	UNK
avid interest 	UNK
to the nonconformist in us all 	UNK
the superficially written characters ramble 	UNK
torture 	UNK
its old-hat set-up and 	UNK
a solid , well-formed satire . 	UNK
in praise of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself 	UNK
offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch 	UNK
interminable , shapeless documentary 	UNK
trying to have it both ways 	UNK
demanding than it needs to be 	UNK
general absurdity 	UNK
obnoxious title character 	UNK
could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment 	UNK
if you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it . 	UNK
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home . 	UNK
no charm , no laughs , 	UNK
effectively chilling guilty pleasure 	UNK
that rare documentary 	UNK
the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality 	UNK
have a good time 	UNK
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience 	UNK
entirely irony-free zone 	UNK
depress you 	UNK
an eloquent memorial 	UNK
that is n't afraid to admit it 	UNK
the most part a useless movie , even 	UNK
the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor . 	UNK
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... 	UNK
with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 	UNK
subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements 	UNK
the biggest husband-and-wife disaster 	UNK
interesting character 	UNK
with the pubescent scandalous 	UNK
delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households . 	UNK
feel pissed off 	UNK
that just does n't have big screen magic 	UNK
rarely seem sure of where it should go 	UNK
begin to long for the end credits 	UNK
the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title 	UNK
, i enjoyed . 	UNK
revelation 	UNK
delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy 	UNK
badly cobbled look 	UNK
, is wry and engrossing . 	UNK
poignant and uplifting 	UNK
never feel anything for these characters 	UNK
the dullest kiddie flicks 	UNK
its provocative conclusion 	UNK
sucked up all 	UNK
as sci-fi generic 	UNK
portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man 	UNK
become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay 	UNK
tonally uneven 	UNK
the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood 	UNK
could young romantics out on a date 	UNK
stale first act , scrooge story 	UNK
... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride . 	UNK
any hollywood fluff 	UNK
hideously twisted 	UNK
dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale 	UNK
enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating 	UNK
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , 	UNK
, it will probably be a talky bore . 	UNK
a fake street drama 	UNK
about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics 	UNK
: celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs . 	UNK
there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer 	UNK
the cute frissons of discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming 	UNK
genial than ingenious 	UNK
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . ' 	UNK
time fillers between surf shots 	UNK
weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil 	UNK
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , 	UNK
i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . 	UNK
a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable 	UNK
as bad as you think , and 	UNK
without in any way demeaning its subjects 	UNK
never gaining much momentum 	UNK
clichés , 	UNK
takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion 	UNK
are fleshed-out enough to build any interest 	UNK
is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love . 	UNK
a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film 	UNK
so many red herrings , so many false scares 	UNK
this movie is hopeless 	UNK
the power and grace 	UNK
goes to the essence of broadway 	UNK
batman 	UNK
roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list ' - 	UNK
piecing the story together frustrating difficult 	UNK
's what makes it worth a recommendation 	UNK
the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so . 	UNK
: an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie 	UNK
when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini , madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game . 	UNK
of testing boundaries 	UNK
both as a historical study and as a tragic love story 	UNK
it 's a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill . 	UNK
that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and 	UNK
delusions to escape their maudlin influence . 	UNK
to be embraced 	UNK
most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial 	UNK
received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film 	UNK
recognized 	UNK
graceless , hackneyed 	UNK
inane and 	UNK
this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country 	UNK
miss 	UNK
play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking . 	UNK
a vastly improved germanic version 	UNK
dense 	UNK
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material 	UNK
decent drama/action flick 	UNK
the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing 	UNK
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought . 	UNK
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f. kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , 	UNK
, narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve . 	UNK
contrasting the original ringu with the current americanized adaptation is akin to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii 	UNK
timely and important 	UNK
pleasant 	UNK
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery , and 	UNK
a-list 	UNK
's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years 	UNK
that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party 	UNK
cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most 	UNK
fit the incredible storyline to a t. 	UNK
roars with leonine power 	UNK
a generic international version of a typical american horror film . 	UNK
doing nothing 	UNK
swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm 	UNK
, this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community . 	UNK
loves its characters and communicates something 	UNK
it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably 	UNK
uplifter 	UNK
'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence 	UNK
my friend david cross would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' 	UNK
` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation . 	UNK
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains ... 	UNK
carries almost no organic intrigue 	UNK
know how to please the eye 	UNK
gathering dust on mgm 's shelf 	UNK
less successful 	UNK
to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and 	UNK
some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan '' have been recreated by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war . 	UNK
offers the none-too-original premise 	UNK
impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story 	UNK
this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film 	UNK
adaptation is intricately constructed 	UNK
is engaged 	UNK
share 	UNK
works spectacularly well 	UNK
troubling 	UNK
bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time . 	UNK
under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely 	UNK
feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 	UNK
a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play 	UNK
from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids 	UNK
comedy spectacle 	UNK
a supremely hopeful cautionary tale 	UNK
this beautifully drawn movie 	UNK
lacking substance and soul , crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs . 	UNK
that provide its thrills and extreme emotions 	UNK
plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before 	UNK
, there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose . 	UNK
most ardent 	UNK
obligatory cheap 	UNK
nothing to show 	UNK
all the loss 	UNK
, director robert j. siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc . 	UNK
carmen ( vega ) and 	UNK
that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion 	UNK
if you 're not deeply touched by this movie 	UNK
an indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh . 	UNK
lacks a strong narrative 	UNK
shines in her quiet blue eyes 	UNK
beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in . 	UNK
` if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . ' 	UNK
all-star 	UNK
no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch 	UNK
more hackneyed 	UNK
labute masterfully 	UNK
, mad love looks better than it feels . 	UNK
succumbing to sentimentality 	UNK
a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs . 	UNK
a passing twinkle 	UNK
its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and 	UNK
sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation 	UNK
significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition 	UNK
rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage 	UNK
whole lot scarier 	UNK
substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite 	UNK
got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions 	UNK
hate to tear your eyes away from the images 	UNK
offering fine acting moments and pungent 	UNK
though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown 's life . 	UNK
stands for milder is n't better . 	UNK
works as well as it does because of the performances 	UNK
a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) 	UNK
an argentine retread 	UNK
huston performance 	UNK
is clever and insightful 	UNK
a beautifully sung holiday carol 	UNK
computer-generated cold fish 	UNK
( clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , 	UNK
, never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . 	UNK
admire ... 	UNK
's so devoid of joy and energy 	UNK
of a respectable summer blockbuster 	UNK
children , christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it . 	UNK
you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer 	UNK
a masterpiece -- and 	UNK
always hilarious 	UNK
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record 	UNK
that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , 	UNK
was right about blade 	UNK
is well below expectations . 	UNK
it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment . 	UNK
elegant technology 	UNK
all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate they 're forced to follow . 	UNK
is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows 	UNK
to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense 	UNK
what happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ? 	UNK
whiny and defensive 	UNK
must see for all sides of the political spectrum 	UNK
us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 	UNK
rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints 	UNK
grand tour 	UNK
provide any conflict 	UNK
the folly of superficiality 	UNK
turn his movie in an unexpected direction 	UNK
rather beautiful 	UNK
a gangster movie with the capacity 	UNK
nifty twists 	UNK
will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy 	UNK
moving and 	UNK
while some of the camera work is interesting 	UNK
having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 	UNK
ethnic sleeper 	UNK
fascinating curiosity piece 	UNK
of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship 	UNK
coming-of-age comedy . 	UNK
been bland 	UNK
`` 13 conversations about one thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . 	UNK
is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory . 	UNK
already knows it 's won 	UNK
has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place 	UNK
belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn . 	UNK
like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking 	UNK
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men 	UNK
directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways 	UNK
through sincerity 	UNK
has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised . 	UNK
admit i walked out of runteldat 	UNK
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other . 	UNK
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant 	UNK
with its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés . 	UNK
topple 	UNK
she has n't been worth caring about 	UNK
instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel . 	UNK
handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy . 	UNK
his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence 	UNK
its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet 	UNK
evocative shades 	UNK
respectable 	UNK
formulaic 	UNK
is full of charm 	UNK
when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain 	UNK
godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence . 	UNK
want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes 	UNK
utterly misplaced earnestness 	UNK
an awful movie that 	UNK
relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end 	UNK
an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . 	UNK
who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them 	UNK
... not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 	UNK
this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre . 	UNK
's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom . 	UNK
have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 	UNK
the top and movies 	UNK
's a sad , sick sight 	UNK
the worst excesses of nouvelle 	UNK
delightfully charming -- 	UNK
went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside 	UNK
is commentary enough 	UNK
hard to stop watching 	UNK
is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show 	UNK
works the way a good noir should 	UNK
a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth 	UNK
that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing 	UNK
a standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for de niro 's participation , would have likely wound up a tnt original . 	UNK
races and rackets 	UNK
body humor and reinforcement 	UNK
copout 	UNK
found a tough beauty 	UNK
it worth watching 	UNK
possibly will enjoy it 	UNK
another useless recycling 	UNK
when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene 	UNK
which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project 	UNK
the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and 	UNK
will enjoy 	UNK
lost . 	UNK
clever pseudo-bio 	UNK
if you 're in the right b-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you . 	UNK
`` besotted '' is misbegotten 	UNK
's no place for this story to go but down 	UNK
has been overexposed 	UNK
in earnest dramaturgy 	UNK
action man cliché 	UNK
a witty expose 	UNK
flaccid odd-couple sniping 	UNK
is the best performance from either in years 	UNK
, hilariously wicked black comedy ... 	UNK
it is a failure . 	UNK
fairytale 	UNK
too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain 	UNK
a loud , brash and mainly unfunny 	UNK
charming 2000 debut shanghai noon 	UNK
it reveals 	UNK
young adult life in urban south korea 	UNK
disjointed , 	UNK
funny no-brainer 	UNK
of a fanciful motion picture 	UNK
( kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code 	UNK
carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh 	UNK
behavior and severe flaws 	UNK
no way original , or even 	UNK
very good comedic songs 	UNK
terminally bland , 	UNK
epic adventure 	UNK
can enjoy as mild escapism 	UNK
, oozing , chilling and heart-warming 	UNK
hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture . 	UNK
of dazzling entertainment 	UNK
a different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know . 	UNK
discarded 	UNK
mixed up 	UNK
the sheer dumbness 	UNK
made him bitter and less mature 	UNK
is appealing 	UNK
an intriguing bit of storytelling 	UNK
idiotic and 	UNK
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride 	UNK
make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see . 	UNK
love 	UNK
's quite diverting nonsense 	UNK
pleasuring its audience 	UNK
... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ... 	UNK
that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original 	UNK
sweet and memorable film 	UNK
a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images 	UNK
most horrific movie experience 	UNK
brown sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film . 	UNK
lame . 	UNK
takes hold 	UNK
the lazy material 	UNK
so short could be so flabby 	UNK
been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon 	UNK
wanders 	UNK
achingly unfunny phonce 	UNK
convincing and radiant 	UNK
it 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline . 	UNK
is as thought-provoking as it 	UNK
better than 	UNK
blair witch video-cam footage 	UNK
whatever flaws igby goes down may possess 	UNK
give-me-an-oscar 	UNK
proves that even in sorrow you can find humor 	UNK
shows crushingly little curiosity about 	UNK
, this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film . 	UNK
proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be 	UNK
delight your senses and crash this wedding 	UNK
poorly dubbed 	UNK
should stick to his day job . 	UNK
, meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious 	UNK
irritatingly transparent 	UNK
two-dimensional offerings 	UNK
most depressing movie-going experiences 	UNK
like bad cinema 	UNK
it 's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion . 	UNK
, this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit . 	UNK
, all-enveloping movie experience 	UNK
polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way 	UNK
must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees 	UNK
the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public 	UNK
there , done that ... a thousand times already 	UNK
visually striking 	UNK
throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary 	UNK
has value can not be denied 	UNK
offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life 	UNK
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte 	UNK
cinema master class . 	UNK
at a grade-school audience 	UNK
fascinating examination 	UNK
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . 	UNK
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , 	UNK
it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material . 	UNK
are made for each other . 	UNK
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family . 	UNK
too much of storytelling 	UNK
indie of the year , 	UNK
it 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant . 	UNK
is actually quite entertaining 	UNK
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` scratch '' a second look . 	UNK
gooding is the energetic frontman , and 	UNK
spy flick worthy 	UNK
does cathartic truth telling 	UNK
preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film 	UNK
generous , inspiring 	UNK
that the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor . 	UNK
an almost unbearably morbid love story . 	UNK
, and 	UNK
find it more than capable of rewarding them 	UNK
similarly styled gremlins 	UNK
, this movie just goes on and on and on and on 	UNK
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand 	UNK
in as much humor as pathos 	UNK
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... circuit gets drawn into the party . 	UNK
seal the deal 	UNK
discoveries 	UNK
got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . 	UNK
a weak script 	UNK
a brief amount of time 	UNK
painfully forced 	UNK
simplistic , silly and tedious 	UNK
the funnybone thanks 	UNK
the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads . 	UNK
is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music . 	UNK
's never dull and always looks good 	UNK
a raise 	UNK
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; 	UNK
the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and 	UNK
an intelligently made 	UNK
a story already overladen with plot conceits 	UNK
ignore but a little too smugly superior 	UNK
ong 's promising debut 	UNK
damon/bourne or 	UNK
autistic 	UNK
chillingly effective 	UNK
an equally impressive degree 	UNK
real heroism and abject suffering 	UNK
really get inside of them . 	UNK
pair that with really poor comedic writing ... 	UNK
see it 	UNK
that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world 	UNK
's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre 	UNK
to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures 	UNK
with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering ... may put off insiders and outsiders alike . 	UNK
a prince of a fellow 	UNK
demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides 	UNK
pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus 	UNK
makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering . 	UNK
staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce . 	UNK
is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens . 	UNK
is even more embracing than monty , 	UNK
romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals . 	UNK
vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings 	UNK
utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team 	UNK
elegantly produced and expressively performed 	UNK
recovering from its demented premise 	UNK
best about 	UNK
that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 	UNK
determined , ennui-hobbled slog 	UNK
dogged 	UNK
the film has a terrific look 	UNK
the movie 's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity . 	UNK
a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration 	UNK
's certainly laudable 	UNK
how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made 	UNK
hot and the john wayne classics 	UNK
were hailed as the works of an artist . 	UNK
ethereal 	UNK
what to make of this italian freakshow 	UNK
confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece 	UNK
a classic movie franchise 	UNK
is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work 	UNK
then proceeds to flop 	UNK
under your belt 	UNK
( creates ) the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama . 	UNK
the most original american productions this year 	UNK
thoughtful , reverent 	UNK
flamboyant 	UNK
serious subject matter and 	UNK
is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience . 	UNK
that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure 	UNK
the guise of a modern motion picture 	UNK
one of the more influential works 	UNK
overcomes 	UNK
elegantly produced 	UNK
appetizer that leaves you wanting more 	UNK
does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful . 	UNK
went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is 	UNK
denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role 	UNK
a fresh infusion of creativity 	UNK
's icky 	UNK
this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd 	UNK
harmoniously 	UNK
a mere excuse 	UNK
officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny . 	UNK
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest . 	UNK
less-than-thrilling thriller . 	UNK
beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama 	UNK
the slippery slope 	UNK
an uncompromising film 	UNK
sinuously plotted and 	UNK
but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination 	UNK
flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny 	UNK
but , like silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin . 	UNK
the original was n't a good movie but 	UNK
contrived , nonsensical and formulaic 	UNK
a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her . 	UNK
irritating soul-searching garbage . 	UNK
put on a show 	UNK
is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival 	UNK
is one helluva singer 	UNK
comes to dreaming up romantic comedies 	UNK
, the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover . 	UNK
constantly touching , 	UNK
have been a painless time-killer 	UNK
reading your scripts before signing that dotted line 	UNK
waterlogged script 	UNK
, well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six . 	UNK
mundane '70s 	UNK
're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why 	UNK
, but it is a refreshingly forthright one 	UNK
of genuine excitement 	UNK
steven soderbergh 's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life . 	UNK
's a lot to recommend read my lips 	UNK
in lovely and amazing 	UNK
the film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness . 	UNK
cranky 	UNK
like the hours as an alternative 	UNK
without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision 	UNK
alarms for duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks 	UNK
of a minor miracle in unfaithful 	UNK
sing beautifully and 	UNK
there 's an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again 	UNK
all the queen 's men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers . 	UNK
a capable thriller 	UNK
he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 	UNK
some success 	UNK
the rich performances 	UNK
ugh 	UNK
hilariously wicked black comedy 	UNK
poignant and gently humorous 	UNK
a step in the right direction 	UNK
just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you 	UNK
washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today 	UNK
soothe and break 	UNK
believe that something so short could be so flabby 	UNK
modest , crowd-pleasing goals 	UNK
's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage 	UNK
daring as john ritter 's glory days 	UNK
required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy who is cletis tout ? 	UNK
powerful entity 	UNK
it 's hard to stop watching 	UNK
last-minute action 	UNK
real psychological grounding 	UNK
good romance 	UNK
this project was undertaken 	UNK
has all the hallmarks of a movie 	UNK
dashing 	UNK
neatly constructed thriller 	UNK
is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie 	UNK
unflattering comparisons 	UNK
a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel 	UNK
falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan 	UNK
soap opera 	UNK
a sweetly 	UNK
turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme 	UNK
stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom . 	UNK
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good 	UNK
a visually masterful work 	UNK
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : 	UNK
even murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort . 	UNK
the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes 	UNK
get more out of the latter experience 	UNK
a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events 	UNK
highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie 	UNK
a depressingly retrograde 	UNK
derisive 	UNK
a whale of a good time 	UNK
confident , richly 	UNK
murder 	UNK
turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that i usually dread encountering the most 	UNK
if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well . 	UNK
its intriguing subject 	UNK
ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community . 	UNK
1995 's forget paris 	UNK
of pre-9 / 11 new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind 	UNK
an appealing couple 	UNK
bear the laughter 	UNK
aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit . 	UNK
anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer 	UNK
obnoxious 	UNK
shout insults at the screen 	UNK
masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad 	UNK
to drag as soon as the action speeds up 	UNK
looks wonderful 	UNK
anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie 	UNK
contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past 	UNK
often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part 	UNK
why sex and lucia is so alluring 	UNK
own pretentious self-examination 	UNK
that makes all the difference . 	UNK
irrepressible passion 	UNK
film a must for everyone 	UNK
was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second 	UNK
you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub . 	UNK
a fascinating film 	UNK
, it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds 	UNK
terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony 	UNK
is deadpan 	UNK
a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant 	UNK
the characters are so generic 	UNK
genial but never inspired , and little 	UNK
will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess 	UNK
watching queen of the damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in . 	UNK
holm does his sly , intricate magic , and iben hjelje is entirely appealing as pumpkin 	UNK
as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick 	UNK
that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale 	UNK
the movie you 're looking for 	UNK
here relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius . 	UNK
a gorgeous color palette 	UNK
i enjoyed it just as much ! 	UNK
remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities . 	UNK
disaster 	UNK
delivering a dramatic slap 	UNK
wear thin with repetition 	UNK
celebration 	UNK
's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness . 	UNK
irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters 	UNK
appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work 	UNK
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , 	UNK
even fans of ismail merchant 's work , i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one . 	UNK
unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror 	UNK
how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ? 	UNK
is more interesting 	UNK
surprisingly sensitive 	UNK
done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment . 	UNK
thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film 	UNK
some of the funniest jokes of any movie 	UNK
why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ? 	UNK
simpering soundtrack 	UNK
enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play 	UNK
make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok . 	UNK
casts attractive and talented actors 	UNK
anger and 	UNK
feel-good sentiments 	UNK
enthralling documentary 	UNK
... a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations . 	UNK
explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut . 	UNK
all in all , a great party . 	UNK
, eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider . 	UNK
cross-country road trip 	UNK
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications 	UNK
did n't find much fascination in the swinging 	UNK
the elements that will grab you 	UNK
far-fetched 	UNK
the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder 	UNK
bad enough 	UNK
as a workable primer for the region 's recent history 	UNK
for all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression . 	UNK
, ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious 	UNK
life affirming ' 	UNK
a shoddy male hip hop fantasy 	UNK
yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 	UNK
is n't scary 	UNK
cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio . 	UNK
a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy 	UNK
watching junk like this 	UNK
about one thing is a small gem . 	UNK
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and 	UNK
ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling . 	UNK
remarkable procession of sweeping pictures 	UNK
that its intended audience has n't yet had much science 	UNK
feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end 	UNK
although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse 	UNK
elegant and eloquent ( meditation ) on death and that most elusive of passions 	UNK
many have made it out to be 	UNK
, but fun . 	UNK
but one thing 's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary 	UNK
quite good-natured 	UNK
clean-cut dahmer 	UNK
sit through it again 	UNK
it 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before . 	UNK
impersonal , almost generic 	UNK
critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure 	UNK
upping the ante 	UNK
with a treasure chest of material 	UNK
too much exploitation and 	UNK
be themselves 	UNK
... stale and uninspired . 	UNK
significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition . 	UNK
quirky at moments 	UNK
dreary 	UNK
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations 	UNK
very real and amusing 	UNK
overstimulated minds 	UNK
very compelling , sensitive , 	UNK
was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be 	UNK
saddest action hero performances 	UNK
its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who 	UNK
but there 's plenty to offend everyone ... 	UNK
feels draggy 	UNK
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains 	UNK
from its cheesy screenplay 	UNK
its charms 	UNK
a fascinating glimpse 	UNK
half-step 	UNK
what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 	UNK
mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time 	UNK
the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times 	UNK
claude 	UNK
reinvigorated the romance genre 	UNK
an auspicious feature debut for chaiken 	UNK
and gently humorous 	UNK
better elsewhere 	UNK
will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face 	UNK
recognizable 	UNK
has a wooden delivery and 	UNK
good taste 	UNK
captures the debilitating grief 	UNK
will be following after it 	UNK
is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive . 	UNK
koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation . 	UNK
'll cry for your money back . 	UNK
an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) 	UNK
translate well 	UNK
the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes 	UNK
above its disgusting source material 	UNK
witty and 	UNK
to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film 	UNK
operates nicely 	UNK
in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy 	UNK
while there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) , much ado about something is an amicable endeavor . 	UNK
a fresh point 	UNK
committed to film 	UNK
inert sci-fi action thriller 	UNK
a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride 	UNK
better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists 	UNK
illustrated by a winning family story 	UNK
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics . 	UNK
is cinema 	UNK
infuses it 	UNK
a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten 	UNK
the imagination 	UNK
's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread 	UNK
loyalty 	UNK
introduces 	UNK
merely crassly flamboyant 	UNK
) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk . 	UNK
codswallop 	UNK
funny , ultimately heartbreaking 	UNK
a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary 	UNK
admire 	UNK
less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters 	UNK
the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort . 	UNK
a stirring tribute 	UNK
stupid and pointless 	UNK
the fine star performances 	UNK
it 's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona . 	UNK
forgive the flaws and love the film 	UNK
the incredibly flexible cast 	UNK
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner laurence coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage . 	UNK
the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film . 	UNK
fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 	UNK
whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace 	UNK
a masterful work 	UNK
... margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake . 	UNK
is throwing up his hands in surrender , 	UNK
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and 	UNK
's enough to sustain laughs 	UNK
spy-savvy siblings 	UNK
a bit cold and 	UNK
have gone straight to video . 	UNK
bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults . 	UNK
even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory 	UNK
is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures 	UNK
if each watered down the version of the one before 	UNK
a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , 	UNK
on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway 	UNK
under-rehearsed and lifeless 	UNK
of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project 	UNK
how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians 	UNK
this movie has the usual impossible stunts ... but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie 	UNK
it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie 	UNK
is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition 	UNK
even the digressions are funny . 	UNK
in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . 	UNK
is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing . 	UNK
the best in recent memory 	UNK
that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge 	UNK
superior plotline 	UNK
silly comedy 	UNK
some very good comedic songs 	UNK
crudup 's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families . 	UNK
nourishing 	UNK
thoughtful movie 	UNK
from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago 	UNK
the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man 	UNK
watching the proverbial paint dry 	UNK
create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career 	UNK
refreshing and 	UNK
stale , futile scenario . 	UNK
intriguing bit 	UNK
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always 	UNK
does n't come much lower . 	UNK
the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid 	UNK
unsuccessfully 	UNK
a nice change 	UNK
that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life 	UNK
rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again 	UNK
with nothing but net 	UNK
, yes , ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' . 	UNK
anomie and heartbreak 	UNK
some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety 	UNK
looked uglier 	UNK
toward the light -- the light of the exit sign 	UNK
sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely 	UNK
rediscovers his passion in life 	UNK
being trapped at a bad rock concert 	UNK
storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket . 	UNK
none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest . 	UNK
mainstream matinee-style entertainment 	UNK
such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go . 	UNK
as darkly funny , energetic 	UNK
endear itself to american art house audiences 	UNK
contrived , awkward and 	UNK
ecological 	UNK
last summer 's bloated effects 	UNK
both a great and a terrible story 	UNK
for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it 	UNK
is that it 's far too sentimental . 	UNK
when the movie ended so damned soon 	UNK
may take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going 	UNK
wise 	UNK
is very difficult to care about the character 	UNK
slow and 	UNK
as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do 	UNK
you do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . 	UNK
of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 	UNK
awe and affection 	UNK
smart and alert 	UNK
in a movie full of surprises 	UNK
about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be . 	UNK
is ) a fascinating character 	UNK
's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is 	UNK
's not as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered 	UNK
a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers . 	UNK
with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching 	UNK
serene , the humor wry and sprightly 	UNK
picture that does not move 	UNK
a really long , slow and dreary time 	UNK
mad 	UNK
below expectations 	UNK
unattractive or odorous 	UNK
contrived , unmotivated 	UNK
like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz 	UNK
to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose 	UNK
there 's no energy . 	UNK
dullest 	UNK
insufferable movie 	UNK
a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity 	UNK
carrying 	UNK
a tough pill to swallow and 	UNK
is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing 	UNK
surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it . 	UNK
befallen 	UNK
's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity 	UNK
, it feels more forced than usual . 	UNK
lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit 	UNK
leaves a bitter taste 	UNK
comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . ' 	UNK
it all seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk . 	UNK
director nancy savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions 	UNK
seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material . 	UNK
is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ? 	UNK
they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance 	UNK
a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship 	UNK
most pleasurable expressions of pure movie 	UNK
good to be bad 	UNK
amusing enough 	UNK
, pretentious mess . 	UNK
by a rich visual clarity and deeply 	UNK
their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera 	UNK
what a great way to spend 4 units of your day 	UNK
, austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places . 	UNK
barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism 	UNK
highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style 	UNK
sappy , preachy one 	UNK
the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention 	UNK
with considerable aplomb 	UNK
an effective portrait of a life in stasis 	UNK
that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness 	UNK
such a vibrant , colorful world 	UNK
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox . 	UNK
a taut , sobering film 	UNK
nothing less than a provocative piece of work 	UNK
his cinematic vision 	UNK
's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours 	UNK
it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing 	UNK
a giant pile of elephant feces 	UNK
deep bow 	UNK
avid 	UNK
the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate . 	UNK
affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship 	UNK
read my lips with such provocative material 	UNK
with us 	UNK
adventurous 	UNK
the best comedy concert movie i 've seen since cho 's previous concert comedy film , i 'm the one that i want , in 2000 . 	UNK
might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and 	UNK
the latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler 's reigen . 	UNK
like some like it 	UNK
is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow . 	UNK
the kind of soft-core twaddle 	UNK
figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm 	UNK
this comic gem 	UNK
opposed to the extent of their outrageousness 	UNK
is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story 	UNK
standard 	UNK
gross-out flicks , college flicks , or 	UNK
churlish 	UNK
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish 	UNK
, a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ? 	UNK
the major problem with windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character . 	UNK
powerful success 	UNK
awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe 	UNK
period trappings 	UNK
jumbled 	UNK
they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental . 	UNK
i do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version . 	UNK
boring and 	UNK
city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast 	UNK
low , very low , very 	UNK
is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery 	UNK
absolutely not . 	UNK
been , pardon the pun , sucked out 	UNK
beautiful images and solemn words 	UNK
is a bomb . 	UNK
as nudity , profanity and violence 	UNK
far more enjoyable than its predecessor . 	UNK
with false starts 	UNK
one of the best love stories of any stripe 	UNK
that even in sorrow you can find humor 	UNK
the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy . 	UNK
its visual panache and compelling supporting characters 	UNK
a sadistic bike flick 	UNK
breathes more 	UNK
a real winner -- 	UNK
yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy . 	UNK
's no energy 	UNK
crystallize key plot moments 	UNK
willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists 	UNK
into comedy futility 	UNK
visually striking and viscerally repellent . 	UNK
jell with sean penn 's monotone narration 	UNK
of the most entertaining monster movies in ages 	UNK
surprises you with unexpected comedy 	UNK
a cliché 	UNK
highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways 	UNK
as an entertainment destination for the general public , kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness . 	UNK
rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love 	UNK
see it . 	UNK
the multi-layers 	UNK
almost no organic intrigue 	UNK
is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story 	UNK
ills 	UNK
welcome step 	UNK
colorful 	UNK
ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth 	UNK
unflinching and objective look 	UNK
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative . 	UNK
what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance 	UNK
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose 	UNK
quite an achievement 	UNK
an action icon 	UNK
annoyed me most about god is great 	UNK
stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema 	UNK
to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances 	UNK
fails to arrive at any satisfying destination 	UNK
an inspirational love story 	UNK
filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders 	UNK
with a cast of a-list brit actors 	UNK
is repellantly out of control . 	UNK
feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied 	UNK
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - 	UNK
less than adorable 	UNK
a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece 	UNK
a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life 	UNK
funny moments 	UNK
` red shoe diaries 	UNK
magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death 	UNK
it has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline . 	UNK
to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread 	UNK
a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well 	UNK
ca n't help but engage an audience 	UNK
begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is 	UNK
the beauty and power 	UNK
certainly the big finish was n't something galinsky and hawley could have planned for ... but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps . 	UNK
real writer plot 	UNK
virtuous 	UNK
does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films 	UNK
edge to it . 	UNK
is an amicable endeavor . 	UNK
for more than two decades mr. nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity . 	UNK
, poorly structured 	UNK
marvelous film 	UNK
a lame comedy . 	UNK
soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence 	UNK
rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics 	UNK
a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian 	UNK
` matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy 	UNK
your disgust 	UNK
calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew 	UNK
confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong . 	UNK
lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features . 	UNK
although ... visually striking and slickly staged , it 's also cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated . 	UNK
it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; 	UNK
by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits 	UNK
what it 's trying to say and 	UNK
a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- 	UNK
unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity 	UNK
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one . 	UNK
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great 	UNK
of a thousand cliches 	UNK
at the screen in frustration 	UNK
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and 	UNK
this fascinating experiment 	UNK
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative 	UNK
of bittersweet camaraderie and history 	UNK
strong education 	UNK
the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening 	UNK
wholly 	UNK
collateral damage is trash , but 	UNK
felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes 	UNK
not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 	UNK
funny with the material 	UNK
an overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy 	UNK
goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots . 	UNK
of the situation in a well-balanced fashion 	UNK
tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel . 	UNK
with their memorable and resourceful performances 	UNK
mayhem and stupidity 	UNK
wait for the video 	UNK
less concerned with cultural and political issues 	UNK
has become the master of innuendo 	UNK
our deepest , media-soaked fears 	UNK
a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline 	UNK
writer/director alexander payne ( election ) and his co-writer jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing . 	UNK
elegant , witty and beneath 	UNK
neo-fascism 	UNK
of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious 	UNK
flounders 	UNK
its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads . 	UNK
nicely 	UNK
great time 	UNK
sharp , amusing study 	UNK
best possible 	UNK
is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films 	UNK
i liked the movie 	UNK
ongoing - and unprecedented - 	UNK
out to be 	UNK
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen . 	UNK
most certainly has a new career ahead of him 	UNK
it 's this rich and luscious 	UNK
a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive . 	UNK
compelling storyline 	UNK
serenity and poise 	UNK
liberal doses 	UNK
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making . 	UNK
an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten . 	UNK
the lord of the rings 	UNK
miss it 	UNK
incisive and 	UNK
green is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike . 	UNK
to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor 	UNK
good simmer 	UNK
if considerably less ambitious 	UNK
a frightening and compelling 	UNK
it 's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy . 	UNK
hot 	UNK
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun . 	UNK
bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera 	UNK
it will probably be a talky bore . 	UNK
glamorous 	UNK
, a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails 	UNK
more fascinating -- being real -- 	UNK
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective 	UNK
surprisingly powerful and universal 	UNK
a refreshing change 	UNK
one viewing ca n't possibly be enough 	UNK
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... 	UNK
good-natured ensemble comedy 	UNK
, salvation and good intentions 	UNK
can prevent its tragic waste of life 	UNK
by bad writing 	UNK
rock-solid gangster movie 	UNK
are so unmemorable 	UNK
schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs 	UNK
something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans 	UNK
a guiltless film for nice evening out 	UNK
, tortured 	UNK
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful . 	UNK
all its brilliant touches 	UNK
a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny 	UNK
despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries 	UNK
vulgar is too optimistic a title . 	UNK
clarity and emotional 	UNK
a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness 	UNK
ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie . 	UNK
loosely connected characters and 	UNK
that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film 	UNK
shallow 	UNK
sweeping , dramatic , 	UNK
fabulous 	UNK
i recommend it for its originality alone 	UNK
occasionally very enjoyable 	UNK
enlightening 	UNK
opens today in the new york metropolitan area 	UNK
a downer and 	UNK
a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to 	UNK
of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing 	UNK
set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to 	UNK
an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form 	UNK
jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier 	UNK
is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school . 	UNK
alienate the mainstream audience 	UNK
fragmentary 	UNK
an honestly nice little film 	UNK
its own quirky hipness 	UNK
snore 	UNK
is a big , juicy role 	UNK
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective . 	UNK
too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good . 	UNK
, stay away . 	UNK
this is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience . 	UNK
direction and especially charm 	UNK
a troubled and determined homicide cop 	UNK
is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days 	UNK
down a familiar road with a few twists 	UNK
some laughs and 	UNK
do n't deserve any oscars 	UNK
into the art film pantheon 	UNK
unexceptional 	UNK
feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 	UNK
, the humor wry and sprightly 	UNK
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos 	UNK
a wild ride 	UNK
revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate 	UNK
has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year 	UNK
as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago . 	UNK
it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie 	UNK
be even worse than its title 	UNK
a triumph 	UNK
is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie 	UNK
the characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility . 	UNK
takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it . 	UNK
thoroughly unrewarding all of this 	UNK
it 's simply baffling 	UNK
throws in enough clever and unexpected 	UNK
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , lan yu never catches dramatic fire . 	UNK
intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business 	UNK
see scratch for the history , see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion . 	UNK
bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams 	UNK
nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish 	UNK
no way to entertain or inspire its viewers 	UNK
as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care 	UNK
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination 	UNK
ocean visuals 	UNK
the story 's undeniably hard to follow 	UNK
copycat 	UNK
were an obligation 	UNK
christian 	UNK
be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service 	UNK
an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts . 	UNK
is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about 	UNK
the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light 	UNK
it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 	UNK
be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show 	UNK
heart-felt drama 	UNK
one strike against it 	UNK
does have its charms 	UNK
payne has created a beautiful canvas , and nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business 	UNK
the earnestness 	UNK
prominent 	UNK
is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe 	UNK
sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans 	UNK
exasperated 	UNK
caliber cast 	UNK
weirdly 	UNK
reality-snubbing 	UNK
the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama 	UNK
walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like 	UNK
enthusiastically 	UNK
by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor 	UNK
a welcome step 	UNK
foolish 	UNK
reasonably good 	UNK
a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting 	UNK
... a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame . 	UNK
love it ... 	UNK
one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies 	UNK
halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 	UNK
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards 	UNK
to screen with considerable appeal intact 	UNK
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it 	UNK
incoherent , instantly disposable 	UNK
the worst kind of mythologizing 	UNK
's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it . 	UNK
short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty . 	UNK
for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg 	UNK
the unusual power 	UNK
a pleasing , often-funny comedy . 	UNK
a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet 	UNK
exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest 	UNK
beer-fueled 	UNK
rates as an exceptional thriller 	UNK
poetic 	UNK
this is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice . 	UNK
has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style 	UNK
dullingly 	UNK
it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling 	UNK
that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it 	UNK
occasionally fun 	UNK
one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? 	UNK
could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one 	UNK
got the brawn , but not the brains 	UNK
sordid and 	UNK
than to call attention to themselves 	UNK
an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product . 	UNK
move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona 	UNK
cliché-laden 	UNK
risky 	UNK
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness 	UNK
will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime 	UNK
it 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it 	UNK
lame sweet home leaves no southern stereotype unturned . 	UNK
sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness 	UNK
the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s 	UNK
as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre 	UNK
knows its classical music , 	UNK
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets 	UNK
between sullivan and his son 	UNK
if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director 	UNK
a pianist , but a good human being 	UNK
bland 	UNK
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority 	UNK
inappropriate and wildly undeserved 	UNK
actor michel serrault 	UNK
the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , 	UNK
adult world 	UNK
starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni 	UNK
was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star 	UNK
is the kathie lee gifford of film directors 	UNK
is worth seeing 	UNK
delicious and delicately 	UNK
's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening . 	UNK
to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 	UNK
much of it is funny , but 	UNK
absurdly simplistic 	UNK
will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere 	UNK
whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears . 	UNK
worthwhile addition 	UNK
sweetly sexy , funny and touching . 	UNK
will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget . 	UNK
so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost 	UNK
star-power potential 	UNK
ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	UNK
it definitely gives you something to chew on 	UNK
annoyance 	UNK
the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes ( of which they 'll get plenty ) fills me with revulsion . 	UNK
redolent 	UNK
acute writing 	UNK
so larger than life 	UNK
in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year 	UNK
good-naturedly 	UNK
running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often 	UNK
an important movie , or even 	UNK
oh , look at that clever angle ! 	UNK
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast 	UNK
wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse . 	UNK
in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . 	UNK
should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it 	UNK
feel like time fillers between surf shots . 	UNK
inconceivable 	UNK
is deadly 	UNK
current innovators 	UNK
it will stay with you 	UNK
powerful performance 	UNK
peter mattei 's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 	UNK
poor editing , 	UNK
of one of the best films 	UNK
the ridicule factor 	UNK
nutty , consistently funny . 	UNK
friday after next spreads them pretty thin 	UNK
furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation 	UNK
this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story 	UNK
it finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice . 	UNK
satisfying well-made romantic comedy 	UNK
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and 	UNK
feeling refreshed and hopeful 	UNK
while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage 	UNK
to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general 	UNK
we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project 	UNK
well-thought 	UNK
go , girls , right down the reality drain . 	UNK
time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference 	UNK
a giddy and provocative sexual 	UNK
drawing flavorful performances from bland actors 	UNK
woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken 	UNK
attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . 	UNK
it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and 	UNK
woe-is-me 	UNK
's definitely an improvement on the first blade , 	UNK
reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth 	UNK
tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span 	UNK
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china . 	UNK
made the full monty a smashing success ... but 	UNK
the movie grows boring despite the scenery . 	UNK
the german occupation 	UNK
of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while 	UNK
you have an interest in the characters you see 	UNK
to sneak out of the theater 	UNK
's hard not to be carried away 	UNK
the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries 	UNK
is n't very good 	UNK
reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today 	UNK
witty and often surprising 	UNK
building up to the climactic burst of violence 	UNK
the first part making up for any flaws that come later 	UNK
all the verbal marks it should 	UNK
should give `` scratch '' a second look 	UNK
of laughs 	UNK
are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing 	UNK
for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent 	UNK
quick-buck 	UNK
her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance 	UNK
give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears 	UNK
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour 	UNK
be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something 	UNK
impeccable throughout 	UNK
murderer 	UNK
a knockout 	UNK
is rote work and predictable , 	UNK
vibrance and warmth 	UNK
dull with only caine 	UNK
no . 	UNK
on that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint . 	UNK
to the bitter end 	UNK
the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes 	UNK
a few are sexy 	UNK
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one . 	UNK
veers into corny sentimentality , probably 	UNK
'll still have a good time . 	UNK
the film 's lamer instincts 	UNK
is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation . 	UNK
strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve . 	UNK
cute 	UNK
interesting concept 	UNK
signs is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project . 	UNK
a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax 	UNK
the wonderful cinematography and 	UNK
in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality 	UNK
most incoherent 	UNK
an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century . 	UNK
the remarkable ensemble cast 	UNK
darkness 	UNK
a great script 	UNK
is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh . 	UNK
is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does 	UNK
so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film 	UNK
a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up 's i 'm the one that i want . 	UNK
a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground . 	UNK
telling what at heart is a sweet little girl 	UNK
acts like a doofus 	UNK
is turning in some delightful work on indie projects . 	UNK
stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere 	UNK
every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel . 	UNK
's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics 	UNK
you expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup . 	UNK
that made the original men in black such a pleasure 	UNK
intelligent 	UNK
film festival 	UNK
had to sit through it again 	UNK
gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion 	UNK
stretches of impact and moments 	UNK
children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers 	UNK
it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film . 	UNK
great to begin with 	UNK
more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach 	UNK
just a kiss is a just a waste . 	UNK
may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy 	UNK
uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious 	UNK
observant . 	UNK
it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one . 	UNK
depressingly thin 	UNK
good fun 	UNK
never gets off the ground . 	UNK
bring on the sequel 	UNK
unendurable viewing experience 	UNK
gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here 	UNK
makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish 	UNK
redeems it 	UNK
surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait . 	UNK
see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music 	UNK
has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood 	UNK
ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending 	UNK
to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative 	UNK
lame kiddie flick 	UNK
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... well 	UNK
... there is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens . 	UNK
vowing , 	UNK
is too long with too little 	UNK
makes its message resonate . 	UNK
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe . 	UNK
the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans . 	UNK
slow death 	UNK
as much fun 	UNK
very real and amusing give-and-take 	UNK
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart . 	UNK
kinda dumb 	UNK
for touched by an angel simplicity 	UNK
the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic 	UNK
its engaging simplicity 	UNK
is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply 	UNK
, worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it 	UNK
the movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us . 	UNK
at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor 	UNK
sabotaged by pomposity 	UNK
a part of its fun 	UNK
drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable 	UNK
once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny 	UNK
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching 	UNK
magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch 	UNK
deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion 	UNK
filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love 	UNK
and vulgar innuendo 	UNK
enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch 	UNK
undeniably touched 	UNK
racial insensitivity 	UNK
only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department 	UNK
sexy razzle-dazzle 	UNK
to the film 's considerable charm 	UNK
stuffiest 	UNK
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours 	UNK
surprisingly ` solid ' 	UNK
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment 	UNK
an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 	UNK
we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport 	UNK
has succeeded beyond all expectation 	UNK
of a really solid woody allen film 	UNK
is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil . 	UNK
both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement 	UNK
that should be relegated to a dark video store corner 	UNK
in good fun 	UNK
almost perpetually wasted characters 	UNK
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing 	UNK
family audience 	UNK
more mature than fatal attraction 	UNK
go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving 	UNK
a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making . 	UNK
now as a former gong show addict , i 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show . 	UNK
should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn . 	UNK
an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera 	UNK
into hogwash 	UNK
that beneath the familiar , funny surface 	UNK
sparse instances 	UNK
captivating and intimate 	UNK
broad streaks of common sense 	UNK
resourceful amnesiac 	UNK
's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark 	UNK
directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix . 	UNK
that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle . 	UNK
an unflinching look 	UNK
it has made its way into your very bloodstream 	UNK
enjoy its own transparency 	UNK
vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace 	UNK
an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie . 	UNK
always destined to be measured against anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation . 	UNK
nothing original 	UNK
the solid filmmaking and 	UNK
and as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . 	UNK
an interesting racial tension 	UNK
it falls far short of poetry , but 	UNK
makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work 	UNK
the outstanding thrillers 	UNK
the unexplored story opportunities 	UNK
chance to see three splendid actors 	UNK
marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks 	UNK
disguising the obvious with energy and innovation 	UNK
presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale . 	UNK
a degree of affection rather than revulsion 	UNK
sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer 	UNK
for overstimulated minds 	UNK
's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces 	UNK
dramatic nor comic 	UNK
dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances 	UNK
are often a stitch 	UNK
as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design 	UNK
screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy 	UNK
a dull girl 	UNK
most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river 	UNK
in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested 	UNK
of nature and family warmth 	UNK
` cherish ' 	UNK
've seen before 	UNK
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends 	UNK
for history buffs 	UNK
sleeper 	UNK
a grittily beautiful film 	UNK
is a trove of delights . 	UNK
this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . 	UNK
a sexy , surprising romance ... idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger . 	UNK
creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances . 	UNK
it were that grand a failure 	UNK
that rare movie that works on any number of levels 	UNK
spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 	UNK
nourishing aspects 	UNK
pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste 	UNK
go-for-broke 	UNK
are n't very bright 	UNK
to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal 	UNK
's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative 	UNK
it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly . 	UNK
the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable . 	UNK
are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine 	UNK
its own good 	UNK
few sequels 	UNK
wedding sequence 	UNK
who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes 	UNK
uni-dimensional 	UNK
who know nothing about the subject 	UNK
a clear point 	UNK
singer/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece 	UNK
leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach 	UNK
collapses like an overcooked soufflé . 	UNK
to the world trade center tragedy 	UNK
brings them to life 	UNK
oddly compelling 	UNK
compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject 	UNK
enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school 	UNK
sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards , but 	UNK
self-righteousness 	UNK
lives down to its title . 	UNK
have lost the ability to think 	UNK
, reverent , and subtly different 	UNK
with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt 	UNK
to drown yourself in a lake afterwards 	UNK
safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . 	UNK
will grab you 	UNK
it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest . 	UNK
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream 	UNK
... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry . 	UNK
deeply out of place 	UNK
a low rate annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school 	UNK
projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless 	UNK
'll enjoy the hot chick . 	UNK
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , 	UNK
the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates . 	UNK
are too grave for youngsters 	UNK
right movie 	UNK
a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it 	UNK
old , familiar 	UNK
as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west . 	UNK
the good and different 	UNK
, this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . 	UNK
a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition . 	UNK
, it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . ' 	UNK
-- ever so gracefully -- 	UNK
the too-frosty exterior 	UNK
to being exciting 	UNK
pleasant enough 	UNK
some good , organic character work 	UNK
a twisted sense 	UNK
the movie is well crafted , and well executed . 	UNK
's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground . 	UNK
... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease . 	UNK
deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later 	UNK
a full experience 	UNK
better actor 	UNK
painful 	UNK
making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years 	UNK
the crap continues . 	UNK
the grandness of romance 	UNK
to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad 	UNK
, it should pay reparations to viewers . 	UNK
overall , cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone . 	UNK
passionate heart 	UNK
unfunny and 	UNK
of honest poetry 	UNK
... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty . 	UNK
bad filmmaking 	UNK
their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop 	UNK
too heady for children , and too preachy 	UNK
of the ugly american 	UNK
clearly evident quality 	UNK
that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 	UNK
perfectly pleasant if 	UNK
where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical 	UNK
of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been 	UNK
best brush 	UNK
unrealistic 	UNK
this is christmas future for a lot of baby boomers . 	UNK
to overcome gaps in character development and story logic 	UNK
overmanipulative 	UNK
makes you care about music you may not have heard before 	UNK
nicest 	UNK
good movie 	UNK
me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens 	UNK
are nearly impossible to care about 	UNK
suited for the history or biography channel 	UNK
just like a splendid meal 	UNK
the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- 	UNK
, color and cringe 	UNK
the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 	UNK
deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film . 	UNK
a haunting tale 	UNK
sillier 	UNK
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... 	UNK
awards animals the respect they 	UNK
by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment 	UNK
that even freeman ca n't save it 	UNK
is the film roman polanski may have been born to make . 	UNK
the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza 	UNK
in the present 	UNK
immensely appealing 	UNK
in death to smoochy , we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing . 	UNK
well-lensed 	UNK
a riveting story well told . 	UNK
cardiac arrest 	UNK
if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski 	UNK
his own idiosyncratic strain 	UNK
that does the nearly impossible 	UNK
gorgeous 	UNK
of pre-9 / 11 new york and 	UNK
greatest teacher 	UNK
low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- 	UNK
gripping 	UNK
ca n't say it 's on par with the first one 	UNK
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull . 	UNK
execrable 	UNK
destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country . 	UNK
sweet and romantic 	UNK
most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme 	UNK
is hugely overwritten , 	UNK
a bad soap opera 	UNK
unflappable air 	UNK
as endearing and easy 	UNK
with no signs of life 	UNK
a rollicking adventure for you and 	UNK
a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy . 	UNK
quite fun 	UNK
ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . 	UNK
, satisfying 	UNK
to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen 	UNK
sticks rigidly to the paradigm , 	UNK
the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop 	UNK
painful ride 	UNK
less funny 	UNK
solid 	UNK
we had to endure last summer 	UNK
fascinate in their recklessness 	UNK
davis 	UNK
the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable 	UNK
a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside 	UNK
's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance 	UNK
remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops 	UNK
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... 	UNK
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down 	UNK
those famous moments 	UNK
that it appears not to have been edited at all 	UNK
's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager 	UNK
an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine 	UNK
achievement 	UNK
if you can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in italian ) and you like ` masterpiece theatre ' type costumes , you 'll enjoy this movie . 	UNK
a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect . 	UNK
all works out 	UNK
espn 	UNK
a winner 	UNK
usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 	UNK
was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo . 	UNK
you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works . 	UNK
if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood 	UNK
lane and 	UNK
are terribly wasted . 	UNK
makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way 	UNK
a rich historical subject 	UNK
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history 	UNK
makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly 	UNK
a blast of adrenalin 	UNK
poor 	UNK
... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus 	UNK
have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release 	UNK
wit and humor 	UNK
does so without compromising that complexity . 	UNK
's splash without the jokes . 	UNK
for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension 	UNK
least favorite 	UNK
for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life 	UNK
bizarre , implausible 	UNK
the last kiss 	UNK
length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue 	UNK
in bad filmmaking 	UNK
campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick 	UNK
has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . 	UNK
worth the trip to the theater 	UNK
it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma . 	UNK
loud , brash and mainly unfunny 	UNK
sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated 	UNK
are anguished , bitter and truthful 	UNK
low , smoky and inviting 	UNK
, transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision 	UNK
is particularly impressive . 	UNK
screenplay or 	UNK
a solidly entertaining little film . 	UNK
lazy , 	UNK
how they make their choices , and 	UNK
predictable plotting and 	UNK
the color sense of stuart little 2 	UNK
of criminals 	UNK
by a winning family story 	UNK
arresting image 	UNK
, it ultimately delivers 	UNK
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and 	UNK
spectacle and 	UNK
remotely topical or sexy 	UNK
generosity 	UNK
's get this thing over with 	UNK
the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative 	UNK
one of the most savagely hilarious social critics 	UNK
creative belly laughs 	UNK
aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships . 	UNK
charge money for this ? ' 	UNK
hoping for a stiff wind 	UNK
a stadium-seat megaplex 	UNK
has a real filmmaker 's eye 	UNK
an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek 	UNK
demonstrate their acting ` chops ' 	UNK
the effort is gratefully received 	UNK
so clumsily sentimental 	UNK
feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . 	UNK
will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience . 	UNK
that it ca n't really be called animation 	UNK
as south park 	UNK
jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema . 	UNK
to blandly go where we went 8 movies ago ... 	UNK
has n't aged a day 	UNK
fall to pieces 	UNK
any summer blockbuster 	UNK
resonance 	UNK
a beguiling freshness 	UNK
you 're in the right b-movie frame of mind 	UNK
... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar . 	UNK
burnt out 	UNK
long enough to read the subtitles 	UNK
maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout 	UNK
have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed 	UNK
disappointment coming 	UNK
stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper 	UNK
( ahola ) has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation . 	UNK
excellent performances on its side 	UNK
comes along only occasionally 	UNK
the film 's predictable denouement 	UNK
malarkey 	UNK
will have a fun , no-frills ride 	UNK
a delightful romantic comedy 	UNK
seems worse for the effort 	UNK
greatest star wattage 	UNK
juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious , but 	UNK
amused by its special effects 	UNK
distinct rarity 	UNK
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all . 	UNK
does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances 	UNK
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet 	UNK
more bizarre than 	UNK
you love the music , 	UNK
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , 	UNK
sabotage 	UNK
do n't work in concert . 	UNK
devolves 	UNK
narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann 	UNK
formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , 	UNK
should scare any sane person away . 	UNK
its promising cast 	UNK
ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . 	UNK
as filling as the treat of the title 	UNK
too sappy for its own good 	UNK
... del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy . 	UNK
`` looking for leonard '' just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something . 	UNK
that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted 	UNK
us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose 	UNK
mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism 	UNK
changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight . 	UNK
to the floor with a sickening thud 	UNK
you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach 	UNK
i fear 	UNK
smart little indie . 	UNK
, but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . 	UNK
a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city 	UNK
a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything 	UNK
as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else . 	UNK
stylish thriller . 	UNK
becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary 	UNK
own languorous charm 	UNK
eventual discovery 	UNK
zings along with vibrance and warmth . 	UNK
disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look 	UNK
she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy 	UNK
supremely hopeful 	UNK
various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale 	UNK
most every aggrieved father cliché 	UNK
the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play 	UNK
the lively intelligence of the artists and 	UNK
but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective 	UNK
gorgeously strange movie 	UNK
its own thinness 	UNK
miracle of miracles , the movie 	UNK
be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans 	UNK
powerful documentary 	UNK
such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting 	UNK
in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide . 	UNK
real magic , 	UNK
anything but frustrating , 	UNK
deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation 	UNK
huppert 's show to steal 	UNK
that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark 	UNK
the plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained . 	UNK
flops 	UNK
genuine dramatic impact 	UNK
retro uplifter . 	UNK
grandly 	UNK
you 'll know a star when you see one . 	UNK
provides amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest 	UNK
are worthwhile 	UNK
warm , fuzzy feeling 	UNK
meaning in relationships or work 	UNK
is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film 	UNK
faster , livelier 	UNK
can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns 	UNK
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type 	UNK
doomed 	UNK
that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery 	UNK
of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 	UNK
some of the computer animation is handsome , and 	UNK
emphasizes every line and sag 	UNK
dumped 	UNK
is one of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it . 	UNK
convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic 	UNK
suckers 	UNK
as if he or she has missed anything 	UNK
kate is n't very bright 	UNK
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) . 	UNK
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , 	UNK
does a solid job of slowly 	UNK
hate yourself for giving in 	UNK
bucked the odds 	UNK
the movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end . 	UNK
nicholas nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year . 	UNK
this fascinating look at israel in ferment 	UNK
a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion 	UNK
the acting is just fine , but 	UNK
a full-frontal attack on audience patience 	UNK
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability 	UNK
is virtually absent 	UNK
living hell 	UNK
if you 're willing to have fun with it 	UNK
it 's tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too . 	UNK
some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... 	UNK
cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) 	UNK
, this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses . 	UNK
count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is 	UNK
search of something different 	UNK
even better than the first one ! 	UNK
it is more than merely a holocaust movie 	UNK
of director john stockwell 	UNK
eerily accurate depiction of depression . 	UNK
potentially good 	UNK
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ... 	UNK
suffers through this film 	UNK
stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore 's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition . 	UNK
among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation 	UNK
the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story 	UNK
small , intelligent eyes 	UNK
keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired 	UNK
, an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness . 	UNK
smoother or more confident 	UNK
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and 	UNK
mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing 	UNK
pacino is the best he 's been in years and keener is marvelous 	UNK
it 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama . 	UNK
is about to turn onto a different path 	UNK
glamour 	UNK
with a momentum that never lets up 	UNK
is both stimulating and demanding 	UNK
earnest , 	UNK
movie special 	UNK
a bowser 	UNK
failing , 	UNK
his character awakens to the notion that to be human 	UNK
an eloquent , deeply felt meditation 	UNK
if you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts . 	UNK
like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series 	UNK
, more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining . 	UNK
flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- 	UNK
lighter 	UNK
's easy to like and 	UNK
flat as thinking man 	UNK
it 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby . 	UNK
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and 	UNK
that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies 	UNK
a visionary 	UNK
most intelligent viewers 	UNK
the evocative imagery 	UNK
could use a little more humanity , but 	UNK
, superficiality and silliness 	UNK
predictable storyline 	UNK
disposible 	UNK
babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot 	UNK
is one of the best actors there is . 	UNK
it 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion . 	UNK
andie macdowell 	UNK
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work . 	UNK
with vibrance and warmth 	UNK
best movie work 	UNK
despite auteuil 's performance , it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug . 	UNK
toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` dungeons and dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry 	UNK
on toilet humor , ethnic slurs 	UNK
all the signs of rich detail condensed 	UNK
of crucifixion 	UNK
with the pale script 	UNK
noisy 	UNK
warning you 	UNK
the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head . 	UNK
is an uncompromising film . 	UNK
deeply unsettling 	UNK
has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one . 	UNK
unforced 	UNK
since ghostbusters 	UNK
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences 	UNK
inject some real vitality and even art 	UNK
some buoyant human moments 	UNK
like the best 60 minutes 	UNK
share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us 	UNK
may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. 	UNK
is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut . 	UNK
there 's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties . 	UNK
the surprise ending is revealed 	UNK
a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should 	UNK
intriguing characters 	UNK
a flimsy excuse 	UNK
, it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup 's anchoring performance . 	UNK
do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved 	UNK
seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers . 	UNK
a fanciful motion picture 	UNK
by halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , and , of course 	UNK
an enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment 	UNK
empowerment 	UNK
than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence 	UNK
offensive , puerile 	UNK
repetitively 	UNK
makes it a failure as straight drama 	UNK
a hip comedy 	UNK
is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights 	UNK
willing to express his convictions 	UNK
with or without ballast tanks , k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low . 	UNK
thanks to the actors 	UNK
an affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 	UNK
this oddly sweet comedy 	UNK
the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative 	UNK
with a better script 	UNK
frustrates and 	UNK
hard-pressed 	UNK
drop dead gorgeous 	UNK
, impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie . 	UNK
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and 	UNK
extremely talented musicians 	UNK
's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances 	UNK
with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural 	UNK
the film 's appeal 	UNK
contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions 	UNK
when you 're a jet 	UNK
with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film 	UNK
stock character camp 	UNK
just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole . 	UNK
fans 	UNK
to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances 	UNK
low-grade cheese standards 	UNK
milks drama when she should be building suspense 	UNK
is generally quite funny 	UNK
catches you 	UNK
afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn 	UNK
a splash even greater 	UNK
also intriguing and honorable , 	UNK
of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 	UNK
well-meant but 	UNK
witless 	UNK
so heartwarmingly motivate 	UNK
gangster no. 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults . 	UNK
astounding on any number of levels 	UNK
the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative 	UNK
disrobed most of the cast , 	UNK
the young actors , not very experienced 	UNK
you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out 	UNK
estranged from reality 	UNK
enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well 	UNK
wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text 	UNK
so hot-blooded 	UNK
a better lot 	UNK
a loquacious and dreary piece of business . 	UNK
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting . 	UNK
the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned 	UNK
how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in 	UNK
be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi 	UNK
` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey 	UNK
on different levels 	UNK
fairly uneventful 	UNK
is also a creative urge 	UNK
how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time 	UNK
the prospect of their own mortality 	UNK
a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters . 	UNK
is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit 	UNK
the weight of too many story lines 	UNK
of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief 	UNK
robin williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favor of an altogether darker side . 	UNK
a well-balanced fashion 	UNK
that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture 	UNK
sympathetic without being gullible 	UNK
irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what 	UNK
to fill time 	UNK
's the image that really tells the tale 	UNK
care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress 	UNK
self-indulgent and maddening 	UNK
has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society . 	UNK
the richness of characterization 	UNK
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ... 	UNK
being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright 	UNK
, this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento ... 	UNK
a painful elegy and 	UNK
is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter 	UNK
and engaging examination 	UNK
a whole lot of fun 	UNK
armageddon 	UNK
delights and simmering 	UNK
reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan 	UNK
sex 	UNK
bad company 	UNK
a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences 	UNK
dry , reliable textbook 	UNK
the only fun part of the movie 	UNK
under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal . 	UNK
the pungent bite 	UNK
spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort . 	UNK
the sweet cinderella story 	UNK
's not clear 	UNK
settles too easily 	UNK
in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels 	UNK
xxx is a blast of adrenalin 	UNK
charming 	UNK
imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor . 	UNK
greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor 	UNK
hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time 	UNK
often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments 	UNK
elbowed aside 	UNK
the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . 	UNK
cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting 	UNK
comic elements 	UNK
undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title 	UNK
an arcane area of popular culture 	UNK
how sandler is losing his touch 	UNK
borrows a bit from the classics `` wait until dark '' and `` extremities '' ... but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself . 	UNK
in the spirit of the season 	UNK
barn-burningly 	UNK
the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes 	UNK
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- 	UNK
exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute . 	UNK
a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one 	UNK
pleasurable 	UNK
original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up . 	UNK
... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank . 	UNK
piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying . 	UNK
's still a guilty pleasure to watch 	UNK
uncanny tale 	UNK
to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 	UNK
for a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over , no such thing is a big letdown . 	UNK
three-dimensional characters 	UNK
things to like 	UNK
a deserved co-winner 	UNK
you 're a jet all the way 	UNK
the first 2/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ... 	UNK
a lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers . 	UNK
several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , 	UNK
there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising 	UNK
on the premise 	UNK
just slopped ` em together here 	UNK
is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery 	UNK
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three 	UNK
adrift in various new york city locations 	UNK
that 's what i liked about it 	UNK
unrelated shorts 	UNK
screenwriting award 	UNK
so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it 	UNK
energy , intelligence and verve 	UNK
straightforward 	UNK
why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 	UNK
like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk 	UNK
third-rate 	UNK
valiant 	UNK
could be a passable date film 	UNK
much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be . 	UNK
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you wo n't be disappointed . 	UNK
of three 	UNK
affirms 	UNK
it 's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure . 	UNK
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric 	UNK
it 's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor . 	UNK
sparking debate and 	UNK
's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating 	UNK
upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . 	UNK
pornography or documentary 	UNK
walk away 	UNK
of watching intelligent people making a movie 	UNK
ideal 	UNK
about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get 	UNK
inspiring , 	UNK
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , 	UNK
recommend this film 	UNK
is as close as you can get to an imitation movie 	UNK
is n't one true ` chan moment ' . 	UNK
's so tedious 	UNK
does n't add up to much . 	UNK
it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and 	UNK
mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power 	UNK
polanski 's best film 	UNK
on a 10-year delay 	UNK
its elegantly colorful look and sound 	UNK
some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life 	UNK
chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly . 	UNK
moviegoers not already clad in basic black 	UNK
is shallow , offensive and redundant 	UNK
badly made on every level 	UNK
to eat popcorn 	UNK
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit 	UNK
no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half 	UNK
what 's missing from this material 	UNK
that most frightening of all movies -- 	UNK
most brilliant and brutal 	UNK
's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay . 	UNK
heartily sick 	UNK
and ( too ) short 	UNK
the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once . 	UNK
savory and 	UNK
a good simmer 	UNK
sting 	UNK
one spectacularly ugly-looking broad 	UNK
warmth and gentle 	UNK
the original could ever have hoped to be 	UNK
dreary tract 	UNK
martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline 	UNK
chance to find love in the most unlikely place 	UNK
inept filmmaking 	UNK
is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt 	UNK
real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way . 	UNK
has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had 	UNK
that is really funny 	UNK
the thrills 	UNK
third time 's the charm ... 	UNK
to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company 	UNK
watching monkeys flinging their feces at you 	UNK
like a can of 2-day old coke . 	UNK
sink it 	UNK
the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half 	UNK
's also not very good 	UNK
unsurprising 	UNK
is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way . 	UNK
's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one 	UNK
as fresh 	UNK
its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control 	UNK
by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers 	UNK
, it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women . 	UNK
like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together . 	UNK
shadowy 	UNK
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama 	UNK
elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level . 	UNK
with passion and attitude 	UNK
very funny 	UNK
most late-night bull sessions 	UNK
a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni 	UNK
teens are looking for something to make them laugh 	UNK
intriguing what-if premise 	UNK
gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists 	UNK
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold . 	UNK
to be something really good 	UNK
get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos 	UNK
no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg 	UNK
of an upper class austrian society 	UNK
a huge fan 	UNK
lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary 	UNK
violent 	UNK
it 's not bad prose 	UNK
destructive 	UNK
many inimitable scenes 	UNK
mr. goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way . 	UNK
it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but 	UNK
liked this film a lot 	UNK
pretentious endeavor 	UNK
much of what we see is horrible but 	UNK
nazi 	UNK
trade center tragedy 	UNK
although olivier assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation 	UNK
first lousy guy ritchie imitation 	UNK
misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche 	UNK
too much of nemesis has a tired , talky feel . 	UNK
an entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the bard 's immortal plays were written by somebody else . 	UNK
ballot 	UNK
one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years . 	UNK
feel sad 	UNK
if you find comfort in familiarity 	UNK
make the most of its own ironic implications 	UNK
it 's just rather leaden and dull . 	UNK
this is one that should be thrown back in the river 	UNK
sun-drenched masterpiece 	UNK
a good deal funnier 	UNK
who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness 	UNK
an excellent job 	UNK
redundant and inauthentic 	UNK
the visual wit 	UNK
wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater 	UNK
graces 	UNK
amazingly 	UNK
a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening 	UNK
sing beautifully 	UNK
with little visible talent and no energy 	UNK
, this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression . 	UNK
juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious , 	UNK
never quite ignites . 	UNK
a heartfelt story 	UNK
george hickenlooper 's 	UNK
wo n't be disappointed 	UNK
scarily funny , 	UNK
has lost its edge 	UNK
to huston 's revelatory performance 	UNK
needless 	UNK
daytime tv serviceability , but little more 	UNK
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances 	UNK
even if it made its original release date last fall 	UNK
that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek 	UNK
home movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time . 	UNK
to a better tomorrow 	UNK
to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion 	UNK
quite a bit of heart 	UNK
pompous and 	UNK
a remarkably cohesive whole 	UNK
questionable kind 	UNK
junkie 	UNK
bully 	UNK
what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 	UNK
absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer 	UNK
that lifts your spirits 	UNK
catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ? 	UNK
linger long after this film has ended 	UNK
in its understanding , often funny way 	UNK
brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability 	UNK
empty stud knockabout 	UNK
beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade had gone in for pastel landscapes . 	UNK
mired in stasis 	UNK
an unsuccessful attempt 	UNK
aside from rohmer 's bold choices regarding point of view , the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art . 	UNK
remarkable yet shockingly 	UNK
a no-bull throwback 	UNK
conspicuous 	UNK
perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters 	UNK
stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy ) 	UNK
a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic 	UNK
picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks 	UNK
is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten 	UNK
held my interest precisely because it did n't try to 	UNK
confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye 	UNK
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , 	UNK
, comedian runs out of steam after a half hour . 	UNK
i walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes . 	UNK
being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem 	UNK
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , 	UNK
oscar-winning master 	UNK
has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope . 	UNK
beautifully choreographed 	UNK
's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure . 	UNK
with fascinating connections 	UNK
challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture . 	UNK
plodding soap opera 	UNK
hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously 	UNK
well-executed 	UNK
clichés , depression and bad alternative music 	UNK
sleep 	UNK
it too is a bomb . 	UNK
with an artistry that also smacks of revelation 	UNK
extravagant confidence 	UNK
of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout 	UNK
role , or edit , or score , or anything , really 	UNK
much imagination 	UNK
is a movie so insecure about its capacity 	UNK
while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart , two towers outdoes its spectacle . 	UNK
top-notch action powers this romantic drama . 	UNK
a charmer 	UNK
the serbs themselves 	UNK
short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty 	UNK
sheer goofiness and cameos 	UNK
mothers , 	UNK
i 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about . 	UNK
a disaster 	UNK
with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza 	UNK
its great credit 	UNK
deranged immediacy 	UNK
works superbly 	UNK
, illuminating study 	UNK
see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some 	UNK
does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour 	UNK
libido film 	UNK
to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing 	UNK
tasteless and 	UNK
a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents 	UNK
by the artsy and often pointless visuals 	UNK
stand tall 	UNK
makes all the difference . 	UNK
clever exercise 	UNK
themes that interest attal and gainsbourg 	UNK
the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles 	UNK
the thematic ironies are too obvious 	UNK
with the titillating material 	UNK
mean-spirited and wryly 	UNK
unusual but pleasantly haunting debut 	UNK
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact 	UNK
fiction 	UNK
been lost in the mail 	UNK
of visual and verbal clichés 	UNK
refreshing change 	UNK
, sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then . 	UNK
an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler . 	UNK
, ugly , irritating 	UNK
frequent laughter 	UNK
is a gory slash-fest 	UNK
probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year 	UNK
a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men 	UNK
wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama 	UNK
mtv schmucks 	UNK
extraordinary intelligence and originality 	UNK
artificial structure 	UNK
thoughtful , emotional movie experience 	UNK
a fascinating curiosity piece -- 	UNK
does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor 	UNK
, its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start . 	UNK
the brilliant performances 	UNK
say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch 	UNK
boring talking heads 	UNK
one of the best gay love stories 	UNK
, it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character . 	UNK
pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure 	UNK
an undeniably moving film to experience 	UNK
realistic ' 	UNK
shapeless documentary 	UNK
stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure 	UNK
good-naturedly 	UNK
it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad . 	UNK
arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation . 	UNK
with an astoundingly rich film 	UNK
to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews 	UNK
edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark 	UNK
going to be really awful 	UNK
a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals 	UNK
is as conventional as can be 	UNK
a direct hit 	UNK
project greenlight '' winner 	UNK
's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type 	UNK
than sucking you in ... and making you sweat 	UNK
i was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism . 	UNK
become wearisome 	UNK
manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill 	UNK
chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century america . 	UNK
fact , the best in recent memory 	UNK
than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema 	UNK
consistently amusing but 	UNK
even lazier and 	UNK
artful 	UNK
to be a new yorker 	UNK
is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore 	UNK
the sword fighting is well done 	UNK
much of it is funny , 	UNK
extremely unpleasant film 	UNK
should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting 	UNK
very meticulously but without any passion 	UNK
a blair witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast . 	UNK
a sentimental mess 	UNK
passion 	UNK
genuine insight 	UNK
a classic fairy tale 	UNK
, and not strictly in the knowledge imparted 	UNK
aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed 	UNK
i enjoyed . 	UNK
strong dramatic and emotional pull 	UNK
is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew 	UNK
road to perdition does display greatness , and 	UNK
the rest of the film ... is dudsville . 	UNK
ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- 	UNK
its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and the action scenes are poorly delivered 	UNK
unless you 're a fanatic , the best advice is : ` scooby ' do n't . 	UNK
will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination 	UNK
does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head 	UNK
the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. 	UNK
nonsensical and laughable 	UNK
a very charming and funny movie 	UNK
the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable . 	UNK
tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers 	UNK
that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own 	UNK
a great combination act 	UNK
with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm . 	UNK
is its energy 	UNK
extraordinary poignancy 	UNK
newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	UNK
damn fine 	UNK
suitably kooky which should appeal to women and 	UNK
cinema classic 	UNK
be both hugely entertaining and uplifting 	UNK
unique and inherent 	UNK
like no other film in recent history 	UNK
wonderful on the big screen 	UNK
's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california 	UNK
the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it 	UNK
its scrapbook of oddballs 	UNK
is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive 	UNK
no point 	UNK
no idea of it is serious 	UNK
schmaltz 	UNK
does a solid job of slowly , 	UNK
, characterization , poignancy , and intelligence 	UNK
as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west 	UNK
ourselves and 	UNK
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr . 	UNK
any film more challenging or depressing 	UNK
seem sincere , and just 	UNK
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene . 	UNK
engaging and moving portrait 	UNK
how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery . 	UNK
` swept away ' sinks . 	UNK
is a great deal of fun . 	UNK
report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline - 	UNK
rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest 	UNK
it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful . 	UNK
it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't 	UNK
wayward wooden one 	UNK
disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera 	UNK
uncomfortably strained 	UNK
going wrong 	UNK
, there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable . 	UNK
enormously entertaining 	UNK
that has no teeth 	UNK
more playful 	UNK
acted , quietly affecting cop drama . 	UNK
ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production 	UNK
ethical and philosophical 	UNK
as an exceptional thriller 	UNK
with star power , a pop-induced score 	UNK
lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work 	UNK
one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs 	UNK
while it can be a bit repetitive 	UNK
its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and 	UNK
badder 	UNK
does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own . 	UNK
he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film 	UNK
does n't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 	UNK
a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries 	UNK
barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it 	UNK
as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo 	UNK
with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds 	UNK
proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies 	UNK
off-putting 	UNK
acidity 	UNK
love in remembrance . 	UNK
vivid characters and a warm , moving message 	UNK
, in itself , is extraordinary . 	UNK
gives everyone something 	UNK
is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues 	UNK
neither as scary-funny as tremors nor 	UNK
pleasantly 	UNK
its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures 	UNK
did no one on the set have a sense of humor 	UNK
've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time . 	UNK
driver and goodfellas 	UNK
lethargically paced parable of renewal . 	UNK
spellbinding fun and 	UNK
( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) 	UNK
, spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man . 	UNK
hardly watchable 	UNK
could have guessed at the beginning 	UNK
are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all 	UNK
in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation 	UNK
it may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but i enjoyed barbershop . 	UNK
i skipped country bears 	UNK
pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car 	UNK
perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making 	UNK
he is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction 	UNK
poetic 	UNK
act weird 	UNK
stiff , ponderous and charmless 	UNK
worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids 	UNK
it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect . 	UNK
cares 	UNK
looking for a story 	UNK
a real human soul 	UNK
there 's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him . 	UNK
a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities 	UNK
you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence . 	UNK
immensely entertaining look 	UNK
that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers 	UNK
a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense 	UNK
're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins 	UNK
enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . 	UNK
and effective film 	UNK
complex 	UNK
're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid . 	UNK
enjoyable family 	UNK
bad movie 	UNK
while bollywood/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals 	UNK
gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . ' 	UNK
funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness 	UNK
there 's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something . 	UNK
charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal 	UNK
the belly laughs 	UNK
you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party . 	UNK
more playful tone 	UNK
a portrait of hell so shattering it 's impossible to shake . 	UNK
loved the look of this film . 	UNK
a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and 	UNK
it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at . 	UNK
is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears 	UNK
, unusual , even nutty 	UNK
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire 	UNK
into a fascinating part of theater history 	UNK
fish-out-of-water formula 	UNK
, however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 	UNK
compelling and horrifying story 	UNK
just send it to cranky . 	UNK
callow rich boy 	UNK
if you 're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment . 	UNK
straining to produce another smash 	UNK
affair 	UNK
the layers of soap-opera emotion 	UNK
childish 	UNK
assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne 's novel . 	UNK
seems endless . 	UNK
funny and human and 	UNK
dreadful romance 	UNK
ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice 	UNK
an eerie thriller 	UNK
's unfocused and tediously exasperating 	UNK
his dependence on slapstick 	UNK
epic treatment 	UNK
the bottom of the barrel 	UNK
warmed up to him 	UNK
feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , 	UNK
the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops 	UNK
a dud -- 	UNK
instead of trying to bust some blondes , ( diggs ) should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad . 	UNK
an ease 	UNK
so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident 	UNK
, this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment . 	UNK
gangs 	UNK
of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away 	UNK
its smallness 	UNK
a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end 	UNK
the strain of its plot contrivances and 	UNK
but it was n't horrible either . 	UNK
jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging . 	UNK
's kind of insulting , both to men and women 	UNK
with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity 	UNK
shrewd but pointless . 	UNK
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard . 	UNK
the evocative imagery and 	UNK
as one of the worst films of the summer 	UNK
whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure : 	UNK
there 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity . 	UNK
the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films 	UNK
a lovely , eerie film 	UNK
may have expected to record with their mini dv 	UNK
keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired . 	UNK
it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning . 	UNK
the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls 	UNK
does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller 	UNK
touching , raucously amusing , 	UNK
for all its brooding quality , ash wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast . 	UNK
triumph ' 	UNK
good documentarian 	UNK
a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety 	UNK
she is merely a charmless witch . 	UNK
more repulsive 	UNK
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it 	UNK
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him . 	UNK
inspiring , ironic 	UNK
that these brats will ever be anything more than losers 	UNK
's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies 	UNK
cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and 	UNK
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film 	UNK
instantly forgettable and 	UNK
worth watching 	UNK
extraordinary film 	UNK
an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere 	UNK
his prime 	UNK
occasional belly laugh 	UNK
argentine american beauty reeks 	UNK
a barrie good time 	UNK
clever and cutting , quick and dirty look 	UNK
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain 	UNK
good deal 	UNK
wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films . 	UNK
crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies 	UNK
promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip 	UNK
improbable as this premise may seem , abbass 's understated 	UNK
this is a children 's film in the truest sense . 	UNK
plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff 	UNK
much more successful 	UNK
the pale script 	UNK
is ) looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through 	UNK
94-minute travesty 	UNK
a fine , focused piece 	UNK
to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored 	UNK
a good film in `` trouble every day 	UNK
engaging . 	UNK
more than capable of rewarding them 	UNK
writer/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred . 	UNK
has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne 	UNK
a remarkable film 	UNK
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids . 	UNK
female population 	UNK
wonderfully sympathetic 	UNK
if it were any more of a turkey 	UNK
its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be 	UNK
you feel guilty about it 	UNK
dusty 	UNK
humanly 	UNK
pushed to their most virtuous limits 	UNK
no wit , only 	UNK
the rare common-man artist 	UNK
self-pitying 	UNK
lousy john q 	UNK
the guru who helped 	UNK
suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing 	UNK
botched in execution 	UNK
director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films . 	UNK
full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in . 	UNK
offers big , fat , dumb 	UNK
wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character . 	UNK
before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about 	UNK
is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance 	UNK
with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing 	UNK
tortured 	UNK
a world of hurt 	UNK
rewarded with some fine acting 	UNK
their funny bones tickled 	UNK
`` un-bear-able '' project 	UNK
wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message 	UNK
nijinsky 	UNK
even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , sorority boys is a bowser . 	UNK
celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me ( horrors ! ) 	UNK
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , 	UNK
the lush scenery 	UNK
more if it had just gone that one step further 	UNK
makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing 	UNK
gentle , touching 	UNK
is awesome 	UNK
a hole in your head 	UNK
though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his 	UNK
likable 	UNK
older and wiser eyes , 	UNK
bile 	UNK
works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once . 	UNK
a pathetically inane and unimaginative 	UNK
if not a home run , then at least 	UNK
the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear 	UNK
as rewarding 	UNK
a doa dud from frame one . 	UNK
so old-fashioned 	UNK
summer blockbuster 	UNK
to find the small , human moments 	UNK
some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood 	UNK
a corn dog 	UNK
this unique director 's previous films 	UNK
canadian filmmaker gary burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city . 	UNK
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette 	UNK
hackneyed and 	UNK
the skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense . 	UNK
distances you 	UNK
romantic and 	UNK
as a historical study and as a tragic love story 	UNK
white has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else . 	UNK
makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while 	UNK
plenty to impress about e.t. 	UNK
besotted and obvious 	UNK
of read my lips 	UNK
interesting look 	UNK
witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals 	UNK
puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination . 	UNK
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , 	UNK
is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' 	UNK
of matthew shepard 	UNK
should stop trying to please his mom 	UNK
immersive powers 	UNK
fills me with revulsion . 	UNK
set it apart from other deep south stories 	UNK
replete with the pubescent scandalous 	UNK
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say 	UNK
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then blood work is for you . 	UNK
right choices 	UNK
an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities 	UNK
weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne 	UNK
does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time 	UNK
, this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all . 	UNK
insomnia is one of the year 's best films and 	UNK
ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese ` cultural revolution . ' 	UNK
worthwhile moviegoing experience 	UNK
so prolonged and boring 	UNK
saw the film 	UNK
of paint-by-number romantic comedies 	UNK
smarter than your average bond . 	UNK
this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins ' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book . 	UNK
a tragic dimension 	UNK
it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . 	UNK
an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting 	UNK
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , 	UNK
rarely work in movies now 	UNK
comic fan 	UNK
perfectly serviceable 	UNK
eric schweig and graham greene both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters . 	UNK
love song 	UNK
brutal honesty and respect 	UNK
the best sequel 	UNK
its slightly humorous and tender story 	UNK
a choppy ending 	UNK
grows on you -- 	UNK
tired , unnecessary retread 	UNK
better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least 	UNK
the dangerous lives of altar boys ' take on adolescence 	UNK
are enthralling 	UNK
love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and 	UNK
true impact 	UNK
like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame . 	UNK
unnerving suspense 	UNK
promising , talented , charismatic and tragically 	UNK
if a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . 	UNK
inept and artificial 	UNK
gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug . 	UNK
an impossible spot 	UNK
delightfully charming -- and 	UNK
of heart or conservative of spirit 	UNK
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time 	UNK
movie version 	UNK
is that the entire exercise has no real point 	UNK
but a tedious picture 	UNK
it actually hurts to watch . 	UNK
, the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . 	UNK
be oblivious to the existence of this film 	UNK
thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods . 	UNK
tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points 	UNK
horrendously 	UNK
may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film 	UNK
this long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted . 	UNK
gratingly unfunny groaner 	UNK
is painfully formulaic and stilted 	UNK
is often quite rich and exciting 	UNK
is n't very interesting actually 	UNK
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit . 	UNK
from dawson 's creek 	UNK
is too amateurishly square 	UNK
a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us 	UNK
unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman 	UNK
too blatant 	UNK
a really cool bit -- 	UNK
second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and 	UNK
, i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet . 	UNK
jumps to the head of the class of women 's films 	UNK
generates plot points 	UNK
really , really good 	UNK
wo n't care 	UNK
bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film 	UNK
, inconsistent , dishonest 	UNK
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , 	UNK
kinda wrong 	UNK
in an irresistible junior-high way , 	UNK
i 've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close . 	UNK
makes up for in heart 	UNK
the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling . 	UNK
be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus 	UNK
starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points . 	UNK
are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable 	UNK
becomes more and more frustrating 	UNK
called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful 	UNK
generous 	UNK
are too immature and unappealing to care about . 	UNK
guy gets girl 	UNK
succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries 	UNK
thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd . 	UNK
refreshes the mind and spirit along 	UNK
is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them 	UNK
sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh 	UNK
the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived 	UNK
i certainly was n't feeling any of it 	UNK
, intelligence and verve 	UNK
real-life story 	UNK
forceful drama 	UNK
cold and dead 	UNK
with a flourish 	UNK
do that is really funny 	UNK
is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines . 	UNK
eric 	UNK
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives . 	UNK
painful , obnoxious 	UNK
full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them 	UNK
the emotional heart of happy 	UNK
, proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 	UNK
terrible events 	UNK
develop her own film language with conspicuous success 	UNK
could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own 	UNK
garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work . 	UNK
going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal 	UNK
a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust 	UNK
maturity 	UNK
an equally miserable film the following year 	UNK
adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary . 	UNK
your least favorite 	UNK
a rating of zero 	UNK
new ground 	UNK
captivating details 	UNK
a chiller resolutely without chills . 	UNK
impression 	UNK
two-way 	UNK
happy ending 	UNK
appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond 	UNK
is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller 	UNK
is dreary and sluggish 	UNK
needed more emphasis 	UNK
disappointed 	UNK
watered down the version of the one 	UNK
it just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller . 	UNK
exhilarating but blatantly biased . 	UNK
smartly directed , grown-up film 	UNK
ransacks its archives 	UNK
psychologically revealing . 	UNK
tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here . 	UNK
a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties . 	UNK
light the candles , bring out the cake and 	UNK
all right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast . 	UNK
an eye-boggling blend 	UNK
shared by the nation at their sacrifice . 	UNK
, amy 's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor . 	UNK
virtuosic 	UNK
of the great crimes 	UNK
technically and artistically inept 	UNK
is fascinating 	UNK
otherwise dull subjects 	UNK
like a can of 2-day old coke 	UNK
the suggested and the unknown 	UNK
is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture 	UNK
the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and 	UNK
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains ... crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential 	UNK
a predictably efficient piece 	UNK
`` project greenlight '' winner 	UNK
the humanity of its people 	UNK
comfort in familiarity 	UNK
so fascinating 	UNK
equally great robin williams performance 	UNK
who embraces a strict moral code 	UNK
never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti 	UNK
to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum 	UNK
's drab . 	UNK
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and 	UNK
with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery 	UNK
accomplished and richly resonant work 	UNK
the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge 	UNK
mindless pace in collision 	UNK
exquisite trappings 	UNK
been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format 	UNK
all its problems 	UNK
funny , charming and quirky 	UNK
super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid 	UNK
a perceptive study 	UNK
real natural , even-flowing tone 	UNK
like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining . 	UNK
it must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes 	UNK
compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity 	UNK
oscar-nominated documentary 	UNK
its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , 	UNK
scenery , vibe and all -- 	UNK
a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped 	UNK
warm up to 	UNK
's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low 	UNK
jae-eun jeong 's take care of my cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema . 	UNK
brutally honest 	UNK
of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality 	UNK
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother . 	UNK
undeniable social realism 	UNK
a dentist drill 	UNK
, time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . 	UNK
every faltering half-step 	UNK
new release 	UNK
of irreparable damage 	UNK
, amusing , tender and heart-wrenching 	UNK
's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him 	UNK
, more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else . 	UNK
where human nature should be ingratiating 	UNK
acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being 	UNK
is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears . 	UNK
disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas 	UNK
favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing 	UNK
equally derisive clunker 	UNK
sorrowfully 	UNK
'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser 	UNK
is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical . 	UNK
rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone 	UNK
win a wide summer audience 	UNK
a ton of laughs 	UNK
the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year 	UNK
engages us in constant fits of laughter 	UNK
of narrative banality 	UNK
an abused , inner-city autistic 	UNK
allows the mind to enter and accept another world 	UNK
on a group of extremely talented musicians 	UNK
walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome 	UNK
has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them 	UNK
about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us 	UNK
the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series 	UNK
the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil 	UNK
it 's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ? '' 	UNK
true cinematic knack 	UNK
you 're in for a painful ride . 	UNK
that carries a charge of genuine excitement 	UNK
to be affected and boring 	UNK
a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing . 	UNK
a directorial tour de force 	UNK
endearing and 	UNK
wayward 	UNK
the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch 	UNK
is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd 	UNK
otherwise good-naturedness 	UNK
playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans 	UNK
precious than perspicacious 	UNK
manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish . 	UNK
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , 	UNK
a hokey piece 	UNK
at times it 's simply baffling 	UNK
prescribed 	UNK
as improbable as this premise may seem , abbass 's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life . 	UNK
something entertaining 	UNK
the modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones . 	UNK
may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless 	UNK
it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later . 	UNK
dynamic first act 	UNK
draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing 	UNK
distinct and very welcome 	UNK
that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs 	UNK
yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie 	UNK
an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance 	UNK
this film is part of that delicate canon 	UNK
a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings 	UNK
, the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . ' 	UNK
lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human 	UNK
, the satire is weak . 	UNK
seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece 	UNK
filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner 	UNK
terrific score 	UNK
the same old story 	UNK
in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second . 	UNK
exciting to watch as two last-place basketball 	UNK
is it as smart 	UNK
is robotically italicized 	UNK
seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits 	UNK
engaging 	UNK
a delightful , well-crafted family film 	UNK
especially well 	UNK
constrictive eisenhower era 	UNK
yet the act is still charming here . 	UNK
peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body 	UNK
aesthetic experience 	UNK
is magnificent 	UNK
a remarkably insightful 	UNK
of strung-together tv episodes 	UNK
cherished 	UNK
this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel . 	UNK
'' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan 	UNK
i had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies . 	UNK
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , 	UNK
with a company of strictly a-list players 	UNK
a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect . 	UNK
the nourishing aspects of love and companionship 	UNK
ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 	UNK
'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time . 	UNK
brushes 	UNK
it 's an ambitious film 	UNK
is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography 	UNK
a depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women . 	UNK
of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking 	UNK
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves . 	UNK
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly . 	UNK
whipping 	UNK
seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string 	UNK
's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack 	UNK
is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times . 	UNK
of two unrelated shorts that falls far short 	UNK
the actors ' perfect comic timing 	UNK
a hole in the head 	UNK
color and depth , and rather a good time 	UNK
a little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged . 	UNK
a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue 	UNK
some genuine spontaneity 	UNK
is able to overcome the triviality of the story 	UNK
has had some success with documentaries 	UNK
this is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery . 	UNK
several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie 	UNK
in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion 	UNK
the best of them 	UNK
several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday 	UNK
strange and compelling 	UNK
the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne 	UNK
none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising 	UNK
comes off as a long 	UNK
lively intelligence 	UNK
wonderful performances 	UNK
the thin veneer of nationalism 	UNK
cruelly funny twist 	UNK
see what he could make with a decent budget 	UNK
, however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . 	UNK
to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel 	UNK
for its originality 	UNK
does n't even qualify as a spoof of such 	UNK
divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure 	UNK
a well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 	UNK
do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any 	UNK
merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them . 	UNK
we want the funk - and this movie 's got it . 	UNK
while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion 	UNK
show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn 	UNK
in the sun 	UNK
manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it 	UNK
's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 	UNK
uh , shred , 	UNK
a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter . 	UNK
to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life 	UNK
steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	UNK
appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes 	UNK
doltish 	UNK
's as crisp and to the point 	UNK
is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two 	UNK
capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy 	UNK
the comedy death to smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience . 	UNK
that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action 	UNK
the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care . 	UNK
lighting effects and 	UNK
wasted potential 	UNK
of a valentine sealed with a kiss 	UNK
is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly . 	UNK
should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title 	UNK
been edited at all 	UNK
` what 's the russian word for wow !? ' 	UNK
you love reading and/or poetry 	UNK
phrase ` fatal script error 	UNK
no excuse 	UNK
it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony 	UNK
got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2 - hour , dissipated length . 	UNK
her nomination as best actress even more 	UNK
of the same old garbage 	UNK
rare in the depiction of young women in film 	UNK
an excruciating film 	UNK
fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts 	UNK
watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix -- 	UNK
the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael 	UNK
well-developed 	UNK
model 	UNK
a little less charm 	UNK
a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother 	UNK
into that annoying specimen of humanity 	UNK
this bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better . 	UNK
seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither . 	UNK
so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen . 	UNK
settles on a consistent tone . 	UNK
because it 's so bad 	UNK
is a great film . 	UNK
endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison 	UNK
a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes 	UNK
easy , comfortable 	UNK
straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words 	UNK
in this pretentious mess 	UNK
allow the suit to come to life 	UNK
one splendidly cast pair 	UNK
of theater history 	UNK
an undeniably gorgeous , terminally 	UNK
an athlete 	UNK
is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine 	UNK
, stupid and pointless 	UNK
comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs 	UNK
limited but enthusiastic 	UNK
for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters 	UNK
... while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks . 	UNK
, i do n't see the point 	UNK
is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone . 	UNK
the worst dialogue 	UNK
likely to see all year 	UNK
long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser . 	UNK
spiffy 	UNK
the worst possibilities 	UNK
critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development 	UNK
the central flaw 	UNK
others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating . 	UNK
of social texture and realism 	UNK
triumphant , 	UNK
impossibly long limbs 	UNK
star bruce willis 	UNK
needs to stay afloat in hollywood 	UNK
recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out 	UNK
genre gem 	UNK
some cute moments , 	UNK
as immaculate as stuart little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous . 	UNK
eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness . 	UNK
a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening 	UNK
unexpected fable 	UNK
has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf 	UNK
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being . 	UNK
will be lulled into a coma 	UNK
a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience 	UNK
petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... 	UNK
generates little narrative momentum 	UNK
spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications . 	UNK
a manically generous christmas 	UNK
from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up 	UNK
beguiling freshness 	UNK
a noble end 	UNK
found this a remarkable and novel concept 	UNK
aimless hodgepodge 	UNK
gives none to the audience 	UNK
its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes 	UNK
is deliberately unsettling 	UNK
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 1/2 weeks , unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema . 	UNK
to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) 	UNK
if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination 	UNK
as blasphemous and nonsensical 	UNK
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch 	UNK
non-firsthand experience 	UNK
of the funniest jokes of any movie 	UNK
genuinely pretty 	UNK
a lack of clarity and audacity 	UNK
combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs 	UNK
an american actress who becomes fully english 	UNK
is that secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting 	UNK
funny , touching , smart and complicated 	UNK
ignites 	UNK
as the movie dragged on 	UNK
walled-off 	UNK
refreshingly unhibited 	UNK
the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world . 	UNK
still rapturous after all these years 	UNK
self-conscious art drivel 	UNK
brutally dry satire 	UNK
most refreshing 	UNK
-- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity 	UNK
women torn apart by a legacy of abuse 	UNK
a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end . 	UNK
showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge . 	UNK
to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie 	UNK
is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly 	UNK
the hell cares 	UNK
is of brian de palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career . 	UNK
awe and affection -- and 	UNK
on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters 	UNK
gorgeous visuals 	UNK
resourceful hero 	UNK
-- worst of all -- 	UNK
such high-wattage brainpower 	UNK
a lingering creepiness one 	UNK
reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death 	UNK
a properly spooky film 	UNK
after the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing 	UNK
great acting 	UNK
well-structured 	UNK
this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids . 	UNK
wonderfully loopy tale 	UNK
turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count . 	UNK
every cheap trick 	UNK
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , 	UNK
it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance 	UNK
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater 	UNK
marvelously entertaining and 	UNK
the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures 	UNK
treating female follies 	UNK
a downward narcotized spiral 	UNK
this exciting new filmmaker 	UNK
a small independent film suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis . 	UNK
without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking . 	UNK
rewarding 	UNK
intermezzo strain 	UNK
another key contribution 	UNK
babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy 	UNK
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious 	UNK
been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement 	UNK
wedding 	UNK
director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about drumline is its energy 	UNK
( a ) soulless , stupid sequel ... 	UNK
escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks 	UNK
like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating . 	UNK
bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans 	UNK
none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even 	UNK
manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy . 	UNK
, it delivers the same message as jiri menzel 's closely watched trains and danis tanovic 's no man 's land . 	UNK
sumptuous 	UNK
tug at your heart in ways 	UNK
represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream 	UNK
`` new best friend '' 	UNK
mr. polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival 	UNK
a huge sacrifice of character and mood 	UNK
mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline . 	UNK
would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement . 	UNK
does n't necessarily 	UNK
beautifully reclaiming the story of carmen and 	UNK
the latter 's attendant intelligence 	UNK
derivative and hammily acted . 	UNK
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , 	UNK
jarring shocks 	UNK
one-of-a-kind tour de force 	UNK
's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow . 	UNK
a children 's party clown 	UNK
so downbeat and nearly humorless 	UNK
that delicate canon 	UNK
usually genuinely worthwhile 	UNK
thanks to great performances 	UNK
is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes 	UNK
-- and deeply appealing -- 	UNK
general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music 	UNK
crude film 	UNK
defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	UNK
really adorable italian guys . 	UNK
it must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring wesley snipes . 	UNK
like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior 	UNK
loud and boring 	UNK
to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape 	UNK
everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar 	UNK
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling 	UNK
the same number of continuity errors 	UNK
if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : you want the story to go on and on 	UNK
the most offensive thing about the movie 	UNK
a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences 	UNK
should n't have been made 	UNK
exhilarating new 	UNK
this story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments . 	UNK
a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise 	UNK
your disgust and your indifference 	UNK
that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film 	UNK
the waterlogged script 	UNK
an emotionally satisfying exploration 	UNK
as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly 	UNK
short of both adventure and song 	UNK
list 	UNK
, passionate 	UNK
genuinely bone-chilling tale 	UNK
a smart new comedy 	UNK
if occasionally flawed , 	UNK
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , 	UNK
stays with you 	UNK
simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank . 	UNK
practices 	UNK
there is n't much there here . 	UNK
the troubling thing about clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense . 	UNK
make this worth a peek . 	UNK
being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel 	UNK
a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones 	UNK
an important , original talent in international cinema 	UNK
she 's cut open a vein 	UNK
life and beauty 	UNK
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience 	UNK
've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic 	UNK
charm , generosity and diplomacy 	UNK
a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth . 	UNK
is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise 	UNK
the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain 	UNK
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , 	UNK
may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families 	UNK
it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year 	UNK
not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches . 	UNK
unfunny and unentertaining 	UNK
a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling . 	UNK
're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic . 	UNK
fuzzy 	UNK
... is magnificent 	UNK
crime 	UNK
, save your disgust and your indifference 	UNK
are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances 	UNK
not-at-all-good 	UNK
that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie 	UNK
so distasteful 	UNK
like a blown-out vein 	UNK
erotic or sensuous charge 	UNK
artistically inept 	UNK
predictable and cloying 	UNK
seems as if each watered down the version of the one before 	UNK
flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion 	UNK
keep the story subtle and us in suspense 	UNK
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom 	UNK
big-fisted 	UNK
sexy intrigue 	UNK
'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about 	UNK
nary an original idea 	UNK
hate it 	UNK
represents glossy hollywood at its laziest . 	UNK
what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand 	UNK
-- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm . 	UNK
there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care . 	UNK
a soul and 	UNK
is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as amy . 	UNK
it makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film . 	UNK
davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take 	UNK
this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . 	UNK
from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories 	UNK
obvious determination to shock at any cost 	UNK
to be because it plays everything too safe 	UNK
a revealing look at the collaborative process and 	UNK
is far less mature 	UNK
a half-hearted fluke 	UNK
some nice twists 	UNK
pulls off the feat with aplomb 	UNK
, kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious . 	UNK
cop flick cliches 	UNK
crafted , and well executed 	UNK
it 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast . 	UNK
some terrific setpieces 	UNK
decent kid-pleasing 	UNK
deeply unsettling experience 	UNK
leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion 	UNK
are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor 	UNK
more dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat . 	UNK
more enjoyable than its predecessor 	UNK
with more holes than clyde barrow 's car 	UNK
forcing 	UNK
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , 	UNK
allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal . 	UNK
are actually fascinating 	UNK
somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out . 	UNK
murderous maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier . 	UNK
moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming 	UNK
painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed . 	UNK
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic . 	UNK
in asia , where ms. shu is an institution 	UNK
love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly was n't feeling any of it 	UNK
it 's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen . 	UNK
works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful . 	UNK
nonsensical and laughable plotting 	UNK
more a gunfest than a rock concert . 	UNK
otherwise appalling , and downright creepy 	UNK
noticeably derivative 	UNK
retard 	UNK
mawkish self-parody 	UNK
based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold 	UNK
bland but harmless . 	UNK
is polanski 's best film 	UNK
phoned-in business as usual . 	UNK
make this a comedy or serious drama 	UNK
highly watchable 	UNK
's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion 	UNK
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... there is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' . 	UNK
some talented performers 	UNK
my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy . 	UNK
, you 'll enjoy this movie . 	UNK
walk to remember '' 	UNK
crass and insulting homage 	UNK
makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook 	UNK
complex and quirky , 	UNK
shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes . 	UNK
's also uninspired 	UNK
unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations 	UNK
some cynical creeps 	UNK
an appealing veneer 	UNK
cause loads of irreparable damage 	UNK
has less spice than a rat burger 	UNK
the movie 's wildly careening tone 	UNK
comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting . 	UNK
uphill or something 	UNK
the worst 	UNK
to courage and happiness 	UNK
sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . 	UNK
is enough to save oleander 's uninspired story . 	UNK
with an original idea for a teen movie 	UNK
benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story . 	UNK
such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go 	UNK
amusing , but ultimately so 	UNK
avary seems to care about 	UNK
map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own 	UNK
exceptionally good 	UNK
were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose 	UNK
with it 	UNK
adrift , bentley and hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design . 	UNK
that seem so real in small doses 	UNK
pummel us 	UNK
a cut-and-paste 	UNK
enjoy for a lifetime 	UNK
blind , crippled , amish people 	UNK
works spectacularly well ... 	UNK
know what to make of this italian freakshow 	UNK
of particular value or merit 	UNK
that catches you up in something bigger than yourself 	UNK
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences . 	UNK
outstanding thrillers 	UNK
gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake 	UNK
... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces . 	UNK
idiotic 	UNK
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine 	UNK
it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , 	UNK
stay away . 	UNK
tacky and 	UNK
obscenely bad dark comedy 	UNK
's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing . 	UNK
on top of a foundering performance , ( madonna 's ) denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag . 	UNK
deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe 	UNK
weighs down the tale with bogus profundities . 	UNK
elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender 	UNK
is a bowser 	UNK
its dark , delicate treatment of these characters 	UNK
a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch 	UNK
offers an unexpected window 	UNK
that breaks your heart 	UNK
sparkling with ideas 	UNK
staged like `` rosemary 's baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films 	UNK
what madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once 	UNK
a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith . 	UNK
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and 	UNK
of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot 	UNK
lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema 	UNK
something provocative 	UNK
guilty 	UNK
dicey 	UNK
just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract 	UNK
lightweight but appealing 	UNK
a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized 	UNK
assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 	UNK
laugh-out-loud 	UNK
missing from this material 	UNK
are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film . 	UNK
austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places . 	UNK
the plot is paper-thin and 	UNK
with fewer gags to break the tedium . 	UNK
refuses to evaluate his own work 	UNK
biologically 	UNK
in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent 	UNK
to the road warrior 	UNK
's a liability 	UNK
spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry . 	UNK
amiable but unfocused 	UNK
may have many agendas 	UNK
is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it . 	UNK
a low-rent retread of the alien pictures . 	UNK
it 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair . 	UNK
uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree 	UNK
freedom to feel contradictory things 	UNK
maryam is more timely now than ever . 	UNK
proves tiresome 	UNK
so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey 	UNK
, sometimes creepy intimacy 	UNK
forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot 	UNK
a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply . 	UNK
strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth 	UNK
sexy and romantic 	UNK
pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ... 	UNK
more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now . 	UNK
this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why . 	UNK
without stickiness 	UNK
this rather unfocused 	UNK
dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick 	UNK
of temptation , salvation and good intentions 	UNK
the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness . 	UNK
the chateau ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters . 	UNK
a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- 	UNK
oddly compelling 	UNK
the marvelous verdu , 	UNK
would be me : fighting off the urge to doze 	UNK
accident-prone 	UNK
young hanks and fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work . 	UNK
his trademark misogyny 	UNK
our moviemakers 	UNK
suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary 	UNK
allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . 	UNK
dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer 	UNK
a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness . 	UNK
the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even 	UNK
is funny and pithy 	UNK
laughs 	UNK
chin 's film serves up with style and empathy 	UNK
the script is smart , not cloying . 	UNK
a complete waste of time 	UNK
at last 	UNK
two directors with far less endearing disabilities 	UNK
has little to do with the story 	UNK
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message 	UNK
it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in . 	UNK
form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people . 	UNK
for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger 	UNK
simple-minded 	UNK
they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others 	UNK
appealingly manic and energetic 	UNK
an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers 	UNK
the boobs are fantasti 	UNK
further 	UNK
, the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter . 	UNK
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations . 	UNK
interested in the sights and sounds of battle 	UNK
rent those movies instead 	UNK
showcases the city 's old-world charm 	UNK
motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover 	UNK
fast-paced 	UNK
it 's neither as sappy as big daddy nor as anarchic as happy gilmore or the waterboy , but it has its moments . 	UNK
more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned 	UNK
a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	UNK
recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	UNK
strong first act 	UNK
trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great 	UNK
lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension 	UNK
a great saturday night live sketch 	UNK
, but how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ? 	UNK
a very well-meaning movie , and it 	UNK
pretty bad 	UNK
connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus . 	UNK
make for a winning , heartwarming yarn . 	UNK
, overlong , and bombastic 	UNK
it 's far tamer than advertised 	UNK
deficit 	UNK
well-balanced 	UNK
sending the audience straight to hell 	UNK
very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable 	UNK
winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand . 	UNK
watch witherspoon 's talents 	UNK
it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain . 	UNK
summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle 	UNK
prove to be ( tsai 's ) masterpiece 	UNK
rare and lightly entertaining 	UNK
if nothing else , `` rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. 	UNK
exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken . 	UNK
keep people going in this crazy life 	UNK
swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then . 	UNK
relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and 	UNK
so devoid of pleasure or sensuality 	UNK
gorgeous locales 	UNK
an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary 	UNK
mopping up 	UNK
straight-ahead 	UNK
barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story . 	UNK
steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology 	UNK
they presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes . 	UNK
often-funny drama 	UNK
farts , urine , feces , semen 	UNK
, the film becomes predictably conventional . 	UNK
reluctant 	UNK
it was just a matter of ` eh . ' 	UNK
love-struck 	UNK
plenty of baggage 	UNK
the fantastic and 	UNK
about the santa clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , 	UNK
more grueling and time-consuming 	UNK
clearly well-intentioned 	UNK
like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny . 	UNK
keeps lifting the pedestal higher 	UNK
may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother . 	UNK
is impossible to find the film anything but 	UNK
seemingly irreconcilable 	UNK
becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on . 	UNK
fact and fancy with such confidence 	UNK
it 's fun , but it 's a real howler . 	UNK
it 's never dull and always looks good . 	UNK
highly cerebral 	UNK
animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame 	UNK
to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time 	UNK
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category 	UNK
's with the unexplained baboon cameo 	UNK
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market . 	UNK
antonio banderas 	UNK
does have its charms . 	UNK
, i ca n't compare friday after next to them 	UNK
if you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time . 	UNK
opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn 	UNK
mumbles his way through the movie 	UNK
( washington 's ) strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene . 	UNK
some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options . 	UNK
pompous and garbled 	UNK
even then , i 'd recommend waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes . 	UNK
found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime 	UNK
good actors , even kingsley 	UNK
the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling . 	UNK
are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting . 	UNK
which somehow snagged an oscar nomination 	UNK
may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother 	UNK
the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season 	UNK
will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy . 	UNK
is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective . 	UNK
fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing 	UNK
wait for your pay per view dollar 	UNK
the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale 	UNK
implodes 	UNK
've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch 	UNK
a phony relationship 	UNK
a pleasing , 	UNK
compelling motion 	UNK
one of the great films about movie love 	UNK
down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito 	UNK
a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow 	UNK
suffering 	UNK
come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc 	UNK
a gentle and engrossing character study . 	UNK
is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons . 	UNK
, director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors . 	UNK
swept away by the sheer beauty of his images 	UNK
seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast 	UNK
a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many 	UNK
seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony 	UNK
brilliance 	UNK
is n't world championship material 	UNK
deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell . 	UNK
moderately successful 	UNK
fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country 	UNK
like an all-star salute 	UNK
does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 	UNK
-- conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- 	UNK
crude storyline 	UNK
insultingly inept and artificial examination 	UNK
is a whole lot of fun 	UNK
be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) 	UNK
of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts 	UNK
madonna is one helluva singer . 	UNK
the el cheapo margaritas 	UNK
if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy 	UNK
great and a terrible story 	UNK
he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy 	UNK
inuit masterpiece 	UNK
infuriating film . 	UNK
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book 	UNK
tends to plod 	UNK
worth a summertime look-see 	UNK
have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture 	UNK
the lively intelligence of the artists 	UNK
be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure 	UNK
maybe `` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? '' 	UNK
`` ambitious failure 	UNK
blank yearning 	UNK
in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing 	UNK
with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera 	UNK
but mr. polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic . 	UNK
creative composure 	UNK
gory mayhem '' 	UNK
an impeccable sense 	UNK
ferrara 's best film in years 	UNK
cherish ' 	UNK
ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance . 	UNK
excellent companion piece 	UNK
poorly written , murky and weakly acted 	UNK
instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence . 	UNK
smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction 	UNK
a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns 	UNK
a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters . 	UNK
richly detailed , deftly executed 	UNK
, for those with at least a minimal appreciation of woolf and clarissa dalloway , the hours represents two of those well spent 	UNK
in the process created a masterful work of art of their own 	UNK
had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 	UNK
quite beautiful 	UNK
in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying 	UNK
the finest films 	UNK
got me grinning . 	UNK
no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out 	UNK
as tiresome as 9 seconds 	UNK
wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers . 	UNK
such master screenwriting 	UNK
showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks 	UNK
it 's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest . 	UNK
unique director 's 	UNK
understanding of the expressive power of the camera 	UNK
makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde 	UNK
now we 've got something pretty damn close 	UNK
keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats 	UNK
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film 	UNK
makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever . 	UNK
has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection . 	UNK
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and 	UNK
such a blip on the year 's radar screen 	UNK
is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films 	UNK
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe 	UNK
an action/thriller 	UNK
shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative . 	UNK
together with efficiency and an affection for the period 	UNK
unexpectedly giddy viewing 	UNK
to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze 	UNK
meaningful historical context 	UNK
waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie 	UNK
a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights 	UNK
like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . 	UNK
is twice as bestial but half as funny 	UNK
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters 	UNK
is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously 	UNK
, fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one . 	UNK
most enjoyable 	UNK
, i hate myself most mornings . 	UNK
as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles 	UNK
sweet , funny , 	UNK
are flat 	UNK
make paid in full worth seeing . 	UNK
make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime . 	UNK
victimized 	UNK
the film to drag on for nearly three hours 	UNK
what makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music . 	UNK
well-written as sexy beast 	UNK
that even tunney ca n't save 	UNK
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , 	UNK
our close ties with animals 	UNK
as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy . 	UNK
stunningly 	UNK
is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad 	UNK
inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor 	UNK
fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes 	UNK
a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama . 	UNK
emotionally devastating 	UNK
sits in the place where a masterpiece should be . 	UNK
its namesake proud 	UNK
after a while 	UNK
with unimaginable demons 	UNK
the grossest movie 	UNK
catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , 	UNK
a jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages . 	UNK
ensemble cast romances recently 	UNK
makes us believe she is kahlo 	UNK
alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous . 	UNK
charmless witch 	UNK
into elaborate choreography 	UNK
too simplistic to maintain interest 	UNK
goddammit 	UNK
like having a real film of nijinsky 	UNK
worst kind 	UNK
sermonize 	UNK
be a breath of fresh air 	UNK
bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene 	UNK
drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another 	UNK
instantly know whodunit 	UNK
the atmosphere 	UNK
all-time low 	UNK
me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire 	UNK
deliberately and skillfully uses 	UNK
the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first . 	UNK
an ungainly movie , ill-fitting 	UNK
there are many definitions of ` time waster ' but 	UNK
the plot has a number of holes 	UNK
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore 	UNK
a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy . 	UNK
hitchcockian suspense 	UNK
deadly dull 	UNK
fine , focused piece 	UNK
anyone not into high-tech splatterfests 	UNK
a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck in heaven because he 's afraid of his best-known creation ? 	UNK
who ca n't act 	UNK
nubile young actors 	UNK
impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise 	UNK
where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity 	UNK
it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity 	UNK
does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject 	UNK
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , 	UNK
sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 . 	UNK
other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents . 	UNK
ridiculous and 	UNK
fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness 	UNK
found the perfect material 	UNK
that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone 	UNK
convince us of that all on their own 	UNK
fine 	UNK
what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents 	UNK
irreparably drags the film down . 	UNK
berry 's saucy , 	UNK
, eight crazy nights is a total misfire . 	UNK
too amateurishly square 	UNK
terribly monotonous 	UNK
it 's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more . 	UNK
and unoriginal mess 	UNK
the extent to which it succeeds is impressive . 	UNK
so insanely stupid 	UNK
's a rock-solid little genre picture 	UNK
of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition 	UNK
enjoyable film 	UNK
horrors ! 	UNK
adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking 	UNK
that makes as much of a mess as this one 	UNK
be particularly innovative 	UNK
a heartening tale 	UNK
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... 	UNK
a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror . 	UNK
own staggeringly unoriginal terms 	UNK
can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it . 	UNK
the only thing i laughed at 	UNK
is too insistent 	UNK
to squeeze a few laughs out of the material 	UNK
feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group ... and never fails to entertain . 	UNK
, at 66 , has stopped challenging himself 	UNK
leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying 	UNK
relatively flavorless 	UNK
subversive 	UNK
mind-numbingly , indescribably bad 	UNK
the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment . 	UNK
and unsettling subject matter 	UNK
exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise . 	UNK
to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other 	UNK
he will once again be an honest and loving one 	UNK
promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish . 	UNK
trip tripe 	UNK
unsuccessful 	UNK
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic 	UNK
into an excruciating film 	UNK
as beautiful , desirable , 	UNK
unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive 	UNK
bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness . 	UNK
suffer ' 	UNK
an admirably dark first script by brent hanley 	UNK
rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results . 	UNK
of genres that just does n't work 	UNK
slowed down by a stroke 	UNK
blatant product placement 	UNK
been lost in the translation 	UNK
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating 	UNK
to triumph over a scrooge or two 	UNK
this starts off with a 1950 's doris day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast 	UNK
an invaluable service 	UNK
brisk 	UNK
a sappy , preachy one 	UNK
gone straight to video 	UNK
an ultra-loud blast 	UNK
several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is . 	UNK
asylum material 	UNK
clean 	UNK
astonishingly pivotal role 	UNK
's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise 	UNK
made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby . 	UNK
seems to remain an unchanged dullard 	UNK
winning story 	UNK
of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable 	UNK
of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences 	UNK
i liked the movie , but 	UNK
fondness 	UNK
stamina and vitality 	UNK
to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film 	UNK
magical 	UNK
elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry . 	UNK
alexandre 	UNK
that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel . 	UNK
is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing . 	UNK
feeble 	UNK
you 're a fan of the series 	UNK
this mess of a movie 	UNK
mcgrath 	UNK
provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen . 	UNK
roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list ' - it is more than merely a holocaust movie 	UNK
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i have n't encountered since at least pete 's dragon 	UNK
's best 	UNK
is visually smart , cleverly written 	UNK
; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' 	UNK
with passion 	UNK
director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time 	UNK
slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell 	UNK
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination 	UNK
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting 	UNK
straight-ahead thriller 	UNK
quite simply , should n't have been made 	UNK
into a cinematic poem 	UNK
assume is just another day of brit cinema 	UNK
, you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen . 	UNK
the sense of fierce competition 	UNK
an infectious enthusiasm 	UNK
and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful 	UNK
does n't work as either 	UNK
how horrible 	UNK
elevates the material above pat inspirational status 	UNK
it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed . 	UNK
is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next 	UNK
it is hard to resist 	UNK
a domestic unit finding their way to joy 	UNK
gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake 	UNK
environmental pollution 	UNK
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life . 	UNK
katzenberg 	UNK
funny , sexy 	UNK
other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- 	UNK
, but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances 	UNK
run out screaming 	UNK
is richer than anticipated 	UNK
a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama 	UNK
a tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events . 	UNK
boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse 	UNK
intrigue and human-scale characters 	UNK
a crisp psychological drama ( and ) 	UNK
attracting 	UNK
entertaining , if somewhat standardized , 	UNK
blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is 	UNK
where this was lazy but enjoyable 	UNK
hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses 	UNK
traditional layers of awakening and ripening and 	UNK
's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year . 	UNK
though flawed 	UNK
the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen 	UNK
mediocre 	UNK
feels like a cold old man going through the motions . 	UNK
ca n't even 	UNK
the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy 	UNK
it 's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue . 	UNK
i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british 	UNK
very well shot 	UNK
an ideal 	UNK
manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun 	UNK
wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work . 	UNK
another visit 	UNK
clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . 	UNK
actually make a pretty good team 	UNK
it may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer 	UNK
a four star performance 	UNK
not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us 	UNK
breaks no new ground 	UNK
mariah carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls . 	UNK
ill-equipped 	UNK
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking 	UNK
than indecent proposal 	UNK
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending 	UNK
might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy 	UNK
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess 	UNK
who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop 	UNK
may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard 	UNK
certainly not without merit 	UNK
leguizamo 's best movie work so far , 	UNK
too fancy 	UNK
fulfill its own ambitious goals 	UNK
his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace 	UNK
while obviously aimed at kids , the country bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio . 	UNK
an emotional wallop 	UNK
is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow 	UNK
speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be . 	UNK
a delightful lark for history buffs 	UNK
obnoxiously 	UNK
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again . 	UNK
the extreme generation ' 	UNK
is not easily dismissed or forgotten . 	UNK
this painfully unfunny farce 	UNK
it looks good , sonny 	UNK
on badly-rendered cgi effects 	UNK
i found it slow , predictable and not very amusing . 	UNK
his audience an epiphany 	UNK
its unadorned view 	UNK
the material is so second-rate 	UNK
where 's the movie here ? 	UNK
metaphor 	UNK
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood 	UNK
of ' a nightmare 	UNK
boring before i see this piece of crap again 	UNK
we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , and 	UNK
control-alt-delete simone as quickly 	UNK
an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain 	UNK
given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece 	UNK
the huskies are beautiful , 	UNK
suitably anonymous chiller 	UNK
convinced of its own brilliance 	UNK
indulge the fanciful daydreams of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant 	UNK
a conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man 	UNK
is too busy 	UNK
's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned 	UNK
making kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , 	UNK
is anything but languorous 	UNK
for the character at all stages of her life 	UNK
been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky 	UNK
as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby 	UNK
heart-pounding suspense 	UNK
wo n't hold up over the long haul 	UNK
has the usual impossible stunts 	UNK
the most consistently funny 	UNK
's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels 	UNK
sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine 	UNK
it has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past . 	UNK
silly-looking morlocks 	UNK
( lin chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional , 	UNK
glib 	UNK
the striking , quietly vulnerable personality 	UNK
wonderful ensemble cast 	UNK
often funny way 	UNK
loves a david and goliath story 	UNK
is the power of love 	UNK
a talk that appeals to me 	UNK
static set ups , 	UNK
stirring tribute 	UNK
felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes . 	UNK
the subject with fondness and respect 	UNK
reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race 	UNK
the locale ... remains far more interesting than the story at hand . 	UNK
mindless pace 	UNK
might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds 	UNK
very depressing 	UNK
governmental odds 	UNK
he 's the best brush in the business 	UNK
a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange . 	UNK
is a very funny , heartwarming film 	UNK
the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites . 	UNK
as best actress 	UNK
safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter 	UNK
watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix 	UNK
into a really funny movie 	UNK
humorous 	UNK
too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil 	UNK
it does n't disappoint . 	UNK
-- however canned -- 	UNK
offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves 	UNK
lazily 	UNK
appeal 	UNK
gut-wrenching examination 	UNK
works so well for the first 89 minutes , but 	UNK
to merit such superficial treatment 	UNK
is a small gem 	UNK
peaked 	UNK
kudos to the most enchanting film of the year . 	UNK
a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off . 	UNK
irrational 	UNK
comedy , caper thrills and 	UNK
equally distasteful 	UNK
shared by the nation 	UNK
are too immature and unappealing to care about 	UNK
a fairly irresistible package 	UNK
where its recent predecessor miserably 	UNK
a great performance 	UNK
its courageousness , 	UNK
, time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain . 	UNK
all the scenic appeal of a cesspool 	UNK
george 's haplessness and 	UNK
her agreeably startling use of close-ups 	UNK
that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain 	UNK
is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish 	UNK
that deserves a chance to shine 	UNK
's a lyrical endeavor . 	UNK
the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters . 	UNK
it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels . 	UNK
decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces 	UNK
lousy way 	UNK
love , memory 	UNK
the working class to life 	UNK
that , quite simply , should n't have been made 	UNK
the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics 	UNK
a portrait of alienation so perfect , 	UNK
ugly , revolting 	UNK
schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) , 	UNK
the lousy john q 	UNK
mike white 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor 	UNK
warm , inviting 	UNK
zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film 	UNK
worst way 	UNK
in its poetic symbolism 	UNK
a happy , heady jumble 	UNK
the 3-d vistas from orbit 	UNK
an endearing cast 	UNK
glaring 	UNK
remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing 	UNK
nudity 	UNK
made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes . 	UNK
rolling your eyes 	UNK
she loves them to pieces 	UNK
to make a big splash . 	UNK
offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and 	UNK
would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest 	UNK
is still charming here 	UNK
a real shame 	UNK
no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge 	UNK
the world 's best actors 	UNK
the visual panache , the comic touch , 	UNK
accused of being a bit undisciplined 	UNK
the silver screen 	UNK
a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing 	UNK
complaining 	UNK
it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see . 	UNK
is repeated at least four times . 	UNK
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film 	UNK
also need movies like tim mccann 's revolution no. 9 . 	UNK
-- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- 	UNK
savory and hilarious 	UNK
appealing leads 	UNK
has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic 	UNK
has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself 	UNK
ranges from bad to bodacious 	UNK
as dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy . 	UNK
bitter 	UNK
relatively gore-free 	UNK
, but i suspect it might deliver again and again . 	UNK
is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn 	UNK
inadequately 	UNK
all-around good time 	UNK
exceptional detail 	UNK
its own meager weight 	UNK
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date . 	UNK
neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price . 	UNK
jaw-dropping action sequences , 	UNK
of political corruption 	UNK
fun-loving 	UNK
allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another 	UNK
is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience . 	UNK
filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers 	UNK
turns very dark and very funny 	UNK
junk-calorie suspense tropes 	UNK
unentertaining 	UNK
ambiguous ending 	UNK
... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience . 	UNK
also treats the subject with fondness and respect 	UNK
's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series 	UNK
add 	UNK
curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading 	UNK
believable 	UNK
with minimal imagination 	UNK
a fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down . 	UNK
he was reading the minds of the audience . 	UNK
dramatically satisfying heroine 	UNK
musicals back 	UNK
something fishy 	UNK
acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake 	UNK
portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety 	UNK
assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year . 	UNK
you will likely prefer to keep on watching . 	UNK
to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this 	UNK
quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time . 	UNK
a stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films 	UNK
cruelly 	UNK
nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving 	UNK
is one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny 	UNK
feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off . 	UNK
trusts the story it sets out to tell 	UNK
the result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel . 	UNK
that plays things so nice 	UNK
be post-feminist breezy 	UNK
as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment 	UNK
such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one 	UNK
a refreshing and comical spin 	UNK
loads of irreparable damage 	UNK
chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss . 	UNK
playful respite 	UNK
as miraculous as its dreamworks makers 	UNK
, purpose and emotionally bruised characters 	UNK
direct hit 	UNK
it 's a quirky , off-beat project . 	UNK
its execution and skill of its cast 	UNK
of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults 	UNK
the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical 	UNK
an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence 	UNK
but its just not a thrilling movie 	UNK
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein 	UNK
forgettable 	UNK
that is slow to those of us in middle age 	UNK
relying on the viewer to do most of the work 	UNK
insufferable 	UNK
a decent ` intro ' documentary 	UNK
the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree 	UNK
scoring high 	UNK
artsy fantasy sequences -- 	UNK
when are bears bears and 	UNK
impossible to care about 	UNK
's too much syrup and not enough fizz 	UNK
overly long and worshipful bio-doc . 	UNK
something a little more special behind it 	UNK
high-profile talent 	UNK
of shakespeare 's better known tragedies 	UNK
thought-provoking and often-funny drama 	UNK
together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey . 	UNK
chan 's uniqueness 	UNK
looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer . 	UNK
tick-tock 	UNK
sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot 	UNK
driven by a natural sense for what works 	UNK
steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious 	UNK
the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael . 	UNK
, pasty lumpen 	UNK
surprisingly ` solid ' achievement 	UNK
slip into hokum 	UNK
is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure . 	UNK
the third revenge of the nerds sequel 	UNK
narc is all menace and atmosphere . 	UNK
's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins 	UNK
inspired portrait 	UNK
is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals 	UNK
sensuous and spirited 	UNK
awfully hard 	UNK
elegant and 	UNK
shines on all the characters , 	UNK
oleander 's uninspired story 	UNK
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance 	UNK
roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information . 	UNK
has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history 	UNK
cultivation 	UNK
a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except 	UNK
you 're desperate for the evening to end . 	UNK
insufferably naive . 	UNK
come during that final , beautiful scene 	UNK
class warfare 	UNK
nice rhythm 	UNK
evans ' career 	UNK
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed 	UNK
presents a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation . 	UNK
is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness 	UNK
's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure 	UNK
reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds 	UNK
a stunning new young talent in one 	UNK
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; 	UNK
predecessors 	UNK
is that it stinks 	UNK
your first instinct 	UNK
a thoughtful movie , 	UNK
of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm 	UNK
being good 	UNK
have to pay if you want to see it 	UNK
friendship , love , and the truth 	UNK
a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz 	UNK
best describes this film : honest 	UNK
fresh , sometimes funny 	UNK
aggravating and tedious 	UNK
it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals 	UNK
've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time 	UNK
comic sparks 	UNK
on the subgenre 	UNK
fast-paced contemporary society 	UNK
satisfyingly odd and intriguing 	UNK
a purposefully reductive movie 	UNK
that it goes nowhere 	UNK
a disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants . 	UNK
if kaos had n't blown them all up 	UNK
scott baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects . 	UNK
emphasized 	UNK
obnoxious special effects 	UNK
's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion 	UNK
boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape 	UNK
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences 	UNK
a satisfying evening at the multiplex 	UNK
a low-budget affair 	UNK
uplifting , 	UNK
infuriating about full frontal 	UNK
to duck the very issues it raises 	UNK
derrida is all but useless 	UNK
of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world 	UNK
subtle and 	UNK
deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) 	UNK
that is where ararat went astray . 	UNK
has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest 	UNK
spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects 	UNK
completely misses its emotions 	UNK
that make 105 minutes seem twice as long 	UNK
does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it 	UNK
of dedicated artists 	UNK
the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable 	UNK
their cheap , b movie way 	UNK
the film is static 	UNK
render it anything but laughable 	UNK
live-wire 	UNK
conventional but heartwarming tale 	UNK
be so light-hearted 	UNK
no worse 	UNK
listless , witless , and devoid of anything 	UNK
by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull 	UNK
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but 	UNK
filling nearly every minute ... 	UNK
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie 	UNK
beyond-lame satire 	UNK
's better than its predecessor 	UNK
what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination 	UNK
offers escapism 	UNK
pretty stupid 	UNK
it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten 	UNK
our special talents can be when put in service of of others 	UNK
the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one . 	UNK
since beauty and the beast 	UNK
nasty aftertaste but 	UNK
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful 	UNK
overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message 	UNK
stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design . 	UNK
bad mixture 	UNK
cinematic corpse 	UNK
ends up more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought 	UNK
amazingly successful 	UNK
there 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening . 	UNK
gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , 	UNK
88 minutes of exaggerated action 	UNK
do not go gentle into that good theatre . ' 	UNK
and immature character 	UNK
the most politically audacious films of recent decades 	UNK
is the only winner 	UNK
to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach 	UNK
is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles . 	UNK
overcome bad hair design 	UNK
does n't really go anywhere 	UNK
the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations 	UNK
misery 	UNK
the glorious chicanery and self-delusion 	UNK
to rush to the theater for this one 	UNK
manages to string together enough charming moments to work . 	UNK
most romantic comedies 	UNK
ultimately insignificant 	UNK
not-so-divine 	UNK
be patient with the lovely hush 	UNK
remarkably assured 	UNK
trudge out of the theater feeling 	UNK
300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement 	UNK
we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking 	UNK
washed out 	UNK
by top-billed star bruce willis 	UNK
does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark 	UNK
the occasional bursts 	UNK
wise enough 	UNK
this so-called satire 	UNK
is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture . 	UNK
rock 's stand-up magic wanes . 	UNK
bombastic self-glorification 	UNK
the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy 	UNK
its excellent storytelling , 	UNK
zeal 	UNK
sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music 	UNK
too many conflicts 	UNK
wretchedly unfunny wannabe 	UNK
advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly 	UNK
retard 101 	UNK
a wild comedy 	UNK
a comic book with soul 	UNK
done , but slow 	UNK
must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face 	UNK
are consistently delightful . 	UNK
could n't 	UNK
raffish charm 	UNK
that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating 	UNK
pull his head out of his butt 	UNK
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities 	UNK
to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory 	UNK
is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . 	UNK
marvelous first 101 	UNK
interesting movie 	UNK
a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span 	UNK
that really does n't have much to say beyond the news 	UNK
its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche . 	UNK
so memorable 	UNK
who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb 	UNK
date-night diversion 	UNK
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction 	UNK
meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil . 	UNK
kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor 	UNK
it 's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese . 	UNK
loss 	UNK
invigorating 	UNK
puerile 	UNK
, can not overcome blah characters 	UNK
indie of the year , so far 	UNK
i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd . 	UNK
gentle and engrossing 	UNK
than its sunny disposition 	UNK
gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown 	UNK
an energizing 	UNK
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply 	UNK
confusing on one level or another , making ararat far more demanding than it needs to be 	UNK
's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge . 	UNK
heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius . 	UNK
uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them . 	UNK
is so convincing 	UNK
meandering sketch inspired by the works of john waters and todd solondz , rather than a fully developed story 	UNK
the process created a masterful work of art of their own 	UNK
love the film 	UNK
though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor 's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio . 	UNK
wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own . 	UNK
i.e. peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable 	UNK
aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash . 	UNK
mummy and the mummy returns 	UNK
too overdone 	UNK
's the perfect star vehicle for grant 	UNK
in a light-hearted way the romantic problems 	UNK
an inept , tedious spoof of '70s 	UNK
over this `` un-bear-able '' project 	UNK
dramatic and emotional 	UNK
screen presence 	UNK
too shallow for an older one 	UNK
film legacy 	UNK
, magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock . 	UNK
cool gadgets and creatures 	UNK
finery 	UNK
takes every potential laugh and 	UNK
would do better elsewhere . 	UNK
reassures us 	UNK
one of the best war movies ever made 	UNK
horrible , 99-minute 	UNK
a very depressing movie 	UNK
the film is well-crafted and 	UNK
there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references 	UNK
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and 	UNK
depraved 	UNK
found writer-director mitch davis 's wall of kitsch hard going . 	UNK
fun in this cinematic sandbox 	UNK
a major movie 	UNK
attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life 	UNK
do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes 	UNK
that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure 	UNK
many false scares 	UNK
stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter 	UNK
who take as many drugs as the film 's characters 	UNK
i realized that i just did n't care 	UNK
amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin 	UNK
its laid-back way 	UNK
its lack of poetic frissons 	UNK
ever spill from a projector 's lens 	UNK
no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 	UNK
half past dead -- or for seagal 	UNK
art and commerce 	UNK
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) 	UNK
from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed 	UNK
is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract 	UNK
the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes . 	UNK
a biting satire that has no teeth 	UNK
does n't have anything really interesting to say 	UNK
the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound 	UNK
every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do 	UNK
fans of plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , 	UNK
's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire 	UNK
like the similarly ill-timed antitrust 	UNK
leaping from one arresting image to another , songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time . 	UNK
superb performance 	UNK
funny stuff in this movie 	UNK
to head off in its own direction 	UNK
the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm 	UNK
'll still be glued to the screen . 	UNK
finely crafted , 	UNK
until things fall apart 	UNK
dime-store psychology 	UNK
do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition 	UNK
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery , 	UNK
marks an encouraging new direction for la salle 	UNK
to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes 	UNK
adept 	UNK
covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people 	UNK
a solidly entertaining and moving family drama 	UNK
an almost palpable sense of intensity 	UNK
such a horrible movie 	UNK
incoherent jumble 	UNK
audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but 	UNK
get it 	UNK
a single surprise 	UNK
biggest husband-and-wife disaster 	UNK
like a sucker 	UNK
rob schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian . 	UNK
an intoxicating show 	UNK
passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly 	UNK
a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer 	UNK
hardly a film that comes along every day . 	UNK
and wonderful creatures 	UNK
it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness . 	UNK
to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 	UNK
a movie with depth 	UNK
it may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied . 	UNK
best rock 	UNK
a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film 	UNK
below may not mark mr. twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished . 	UNK
ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times 	UNK
third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby ! 	UNK
you might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead . 	UNK
in this romantic comedy 	UNK
a real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever 	UNK
is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid . 	UNK
does n't deliver a great story , nor 	UNK
zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof 	UNK
a bitter taste 	UNK
seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character . 	UNK
of cuban leader fidel castro 	UNK
has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references 	UNK
from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected 	UNK
skins is heartfelt and achingly real . 	UNK
their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse 	UNK
originality ai n't on the menu 	UNK
's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring 	UNK
it was a guilty pleasure 	UNK
stylistically 	UNK
purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride . 	UNK
forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film 	UNK
's a very valuable film ... 	UNK
clever ideas and visual gags 	UNK
should be themselves 	UNK
's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it . 	UNK
some robust and scary entertainment 	UNK
that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that 	UNK
jazzy new revisionist theories 	UNK
is more likely to induce sleep than fright . 	UNK
the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 	UNK
the frustration , 	UNK
bad and baffling from the get-go . 	UNK
complex characters 	UNK
not be a breakthrough in filmmaking 	UNK
would n't want to live waydowntown 	UNK
the film is deadly dull 	UNK
i 'd watch these two together again in a new york minute . 	UNK
's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise . 	UNK
stylish cast 	UNK
sinks further and further into comedy futility . 	UNK
genuine love story 	UNK
's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor 	UNK
has worked wonders with the material 	UNK
than this facetious smirk of a movie 	UNK
knows its classical music 	UNK
through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture 	UNK
fairly impressive debut 	UNK
much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart . 	UNK
is more timely now than ever 	UNK
but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us 	UNK
fantasti 	UNK
dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum . 	UNK
honest , and enjoyable 	UNK
intoxicating documentary 	UNK
dependable concept 	UNK
a visual treat for all audiences 	UNK
the cast is spot on 	UNK
delicate ambiguity 	UNK
weaves us into a complex web 	UNK
generating suspense 	UNK
gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel 	UNK
any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body 	UNK
sexist 	UNK
genteel and unsurprising 	UNK
their own immaturity 	UNK
is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs . 	UNK
for its intelligence and intensity 	UNK
funny , moving yarn 	UNK
should be as entertaining as it is 	UNK
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made 	UNK
worthless , 	UNK
the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival 	UNK
viewers out in the cold and 	UNK
kinetically-charged spy flick worthy 	UNK
like mere splashing around 	UNK
the most enchanting film 	UNK
the overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors . 	UNK
cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity 	UNK
a great movie it is not 	UNK
, like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids . 	UNK
plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world 	UNK
the bravery and dedication 	UNK
the edge of your seat for long stretches 	UNK
the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay 	UNK
dopey dialogue and 	UNK
does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end 	UNK
whose meaning and 	UNK
follows into melodrama and silliness 	UNK
overcome blah characters 	UNK
hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ... 	UNK
fun family fare 	UNK
the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) . 	UNK
the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade . 	UNK
does n't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes . 	UNK
playfully profound ... and 	UNK
it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera . 	UNK
a tarantino movie with heart 	UNK
by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings 	UNK
baked 	UNK
lasting impression 	UNK
difficult , endless work 	UNK
a shock-you-into-laughter intensity 	UNK
melodramatic movie 	UNK
has ( its ) moments 	UNK
that he 's the best brush in the business 	UNK
, very well told with an appropriate minimum of means . 	UNK
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , 	UNK
must have failed 	UNK
a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them 	UNK
with lots of somber blues and pinks 	UNK
losin ' 	UNK
loquacious and dreary piece 	UNK
, invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film . 	UNK
crawl up your own *** in embarrassment 	UNK
dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten . 	UNK
it 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins . 	UNK
on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid 	UNK
has many of the things that made the first one charming 	UNK
to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances 	UNK
run-of-the-mill singles blender 	UNK
mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time 	UNK
like its new england characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness . 	UNK
a clever 	UNK
awfully entertaining 	UNK
does not translate well to the screen 	UNK
perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year 	UNK
psychotic than romantic 	UNK
also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people . 	UNK
a cellophane-pop remake 	UNK
it 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot . 	UNK
pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone 	UNK
leaks treacle from every pore . 	UNK
boasts some tart tv-insider humor 	UNK
remarkable film 	UNK
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot oscar season currently underway . 	UNK
capable cast 	UNK
the run-of-the-mill singles blender 	UNK
both gripping and compelling 	UNK
sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers 	UNK
them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world 	UNK
on a true and historically significant story 	UNK
if you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic 	UNK
a well-defined sense 	UNK
the consciously dumbed-down approach 	UNK
could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary 	UNK
is a filmmaker of impressive talent 	UNK
flick that scalds like acid . 	UNK
's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream . 	UNK
a landmark 	UNK
to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man 	UNK
with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction 	UNK
meaningful 	UNK
has a rather unique approach to documentary . 	UNK
the haphazardness of evil 	UNK
the film has several strong performances . 	UNK
whose boozy , languid 	UNK
a meatier deeper beginning 	UNK
the plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution 	UNK
most creative , energetic and original 	UNK
epic cinema 	UNK
has n't graduated from junior high school 	UNK
a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience 	UNK
a treasure chest of material 	UNK
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality . 	UNK
try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags 	UNK
for a satisfying evening at the multiplex 	UNK
it was going to be 	UNK
reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world 	UNK
the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it 	UNK
a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film 	UNK
that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers 	UNK
yelling in your face for two hours 	UNK
will undoubtedly enjoy it 	UNK
walk to remember 	UNK
moderately successful but 	UNK
becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are 	UNK
, its shortness disappoints 	UNK
succeeds in entertaining , 	UNK
shows off a lot of stamina and vitality 	UNK
this fast-paced 	UNK
end up laughing 	UNK
a smile 	UNK
an unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode 	UNK
that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary 	UNK
almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy 	UNK
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single . 	UNK
makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 	UNK
eight legged freaks ? 	UNK
in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title 	UNK
that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation 	UNK
like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit . 	UNK
a walk to remember a niche hit 	UNK
, accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way . 	UNK
welcome in her most charmless 	UNK
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely new york celebrities ... certainly raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before . 	UNK
hollywood comedies such as father of the bride 	UNK
get no satisfaction 	UNK
it is wise 	UNK
brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life 	UNK
this one feels like a life sentence 	UNK
a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day 	UNK
anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie 	UNK
good yarn 	UNK
is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless 	UNK
is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame 	UNK
mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and 	UNK
gets the job done 	UNK
one of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but 	UNK
none of the happily-ever 	UNK
the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear 	UNK
very satisfying 	UNK
in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick 	UNK
gooding is the energetic frontman 	UNK
film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days 	UNK
naturally charming 	UNK
the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema 	UNK
into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' 	UNK
petter næss ' delicate , clever direction 	UNK
remarkably dull with only caine 	UNK
the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament . 	UNK
to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time 	UNK
feels like a prison stretch 	UNK
secretary 	UNK
of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls 	UNK
visually atrocious , and often downright creepy 	UNK
come with the warning `` 	UNK
the plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians . 	UNK
a soulless hunk 	UNK
conventional but heartwarming 	UNK
unencouraging 	UNK
big screen magic 	UNK
not smart and not engaging 	UNK
of good acting 	UNK
bitter and truthful 	UNK
also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl 	UNK
after seeing the film , i can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it . 	UNK
people act weird 	UNK
rote work and predictable 	UNK
an obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ? 	UNK
this film that may not always work 	UNK
as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions 	UNK
entertaining on an inferior level 	UNK
young american 	UNK
on all levels 	UNK
one of the better video-game-based flicks , 	UNK
except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine 	UNK
african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans 	UNK
we have a bad , bad , bad movie 	UNK
flails 	UNK
for the most part , credible 	UNK
's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen . 	UNK
broken characters 	UNK
a winning piece of work 	UNK
digs into their very minds 	UNK
good , solid storytelling . 	UNK
polished 	UNK
the sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset . 	UNK
of a love affair 	UNK
tasteful to look at 	UNK
devito 's misanthropic vision 	UNK
perfect movie 	UNK
little catch 	UNK
pauly shore awful 	UNK
to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept 	UNK
's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt . 	UNK
tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier 	UNK
in all its director 's cut glory , 	UNK
that loses sight of its own story 	UNK
grace and panache 	UNK
engaging and exciting 	UNK
is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast 	UNK
of a frustrating misfire 	UNK
as subtle and as enigmatic 	UNK
dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous 	UNK
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid 	UNK
goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun 	UNK
get all five 	UNK
magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock . 	UNK
is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking . 	UNK
a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board . 	UNK
's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . 	UNK
updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place . 	UNK
acidic all-male 	UNK
inimitable diaz 	UNK
had some success with documentaries 	UNK
take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act 	UNK
if you 've the patience , there are great rewards here . 	UNK
that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film 	UNK
frosting 	UNK
the usual whoopee-cushion effort 	UNK
entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller 	UNK
'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up 	UNK
lazily directed by charles stone iii ... from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis . 	UNK
mediterranean sparkles 	UNK
leers , 	UNK
the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything . 	UNK
want to pack raw dough in my ears 	UNK
been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations 	UNK
to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them 	UNK
nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced . 	UNK
well-made pizza 	UNK
earnestness 	UNK
mind-numbingly 	UNK
go-for-broke acting that heralds something special 	UNK
for a few comic turns 	UNK
is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened 	UNK
is sure to win viewers ' hearts 	UNK
does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather 	UNK
pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama 	UNK
emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary . 	UNK
junk-calorie 	UNK
leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , 	UNK
is engage an audience 	UNK
think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version 	UNK
one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom 	UNK
swept away 	UNK
with a serious minded patience , respect and affection 	UNK
the huskies are beautiful 	UNK
a dark pit 	UNK
here ... not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 	UNK
minority report 	UNK
its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner 	UNK
troubling and powerful 	UNK
hooting it 's praises 	UNK
does n't do more than expand a tv show to movie length 	UNK
a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... 	UNK
, clever 	UNK
a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief 	UNK
this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted . 	UNK
a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists 	UNK
it 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good . 	UNK
singer/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece . 	UNK
like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers 	UNK
their own brightly colored dreams 	UNK
splashy and entertainingly nasty 	UNK
its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ... 	UNK
feel-bad ending 	UNK
chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . ' 	UNK
not a bad way 	UNK
member 	UNK
, paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years . 	UNK
is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film . 	UNK
in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short 	UNK
you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd . 	UNK
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge . 	UNK
something as splendid-looking as this particular film 	UNK
there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's going to be a trip . 	UNK
unexpectedly sweet 	UNK
the right time in the history of our country 	UNK
his chemistry with shimizu is very believable 	UNK
'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . 	UNK
such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production . 	UNK
with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( crane ) becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report . 	UNK
too grave for youngsters 	UNK
fabuleux 	UNK
on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness 	UNK
on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid 	UNK
could hardly 	UNK
are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable 	UNK
let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... ghost blimp 	UNK
stevens ' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls . 	UNK
a creepy , intermittently powerful study 	UNK
set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years 	UNK
inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable 	UNK
a great film 	UNK
meeting , even exceeding expectations 	UNK
unique and entertaining twist 	UNK
solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining . 	UNK
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss 	UNK
making it one of the best war movies ever made 	UNK
listless , witless 	UNK
of fun or energy 	UNK
will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have 	UNK
... feels as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something . 	UNK
for bathroom breaks 	UNK
pleasurable expressions 	UNK
a frustrating ` tweener ' -- 	UNK
have a hard time 	UNK
sprung from such a great one 	UNK
nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . 	UNK
a strong sense of humanism 	UNK
fun and enjoyable 	UNK
a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche 	UNK
has all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability . 	UNK
incoherence and 	UNK
traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at 	UNK
good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe 	UNK
is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch 	UNK
sheerly beautiful film 	UNK
time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . 	UNK
be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script 	UNK
incredibly thoughtful 	UNK
who inhabit it 	UNK
a weary journalist 	UNK
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and 	UNK
went over my head 	UNK
successful example 	UNK
served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service 	UNK
a nagging sense 	UNK
as lumpy as two-day old porridge 	UNK
of the best actors there is 	UNK
there are also some startling , surrealistic moments 	UNK
post-september 11 , `` the sum of all fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves . 	UNK
ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot 	UNK
burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off . 	UNK
to the point of distraction 	UNK
that have reinvigorated the romance genre 	UNK
of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job 	UNK
the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm 	UNK
cringe 	UNK
funny yet dark 	UNK
a major waste ... generic . 	UNK
a bad movie that happened to good actors . 	UNK
a crowd-pleaser , 	UNK
the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about 	UNK
vonnegut 	UNK
the film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun . 	UNK
asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up 	UNK
of daring films 	UNK
of an impression 	UNK
like a copout 	UNK
are all more than competent 	UNK
`` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and 	UNK
the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages 	UNK
that it is laughingly enjoyable 	UNK
amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest 	UNK
intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery . 	UNK
the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable . 	UNK
retelling 	UNK
am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but hey arnold ! 	UNK
( the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers 	UNK
let 's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate . 	UNK
's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , 	UNK
the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own . 	UNK
more revealing , more emotional and more surprising 	UNK
timeout 	UNK
is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever . 	UNK
there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 	UNK
a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on . 	UNK
dim-witted and lazy 	UNK
a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr. chicken . 	UNK
skillful 	UNK
did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection 	UNK
easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity 	UNK
seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device 	UNK
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them . 	UNK
you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles 	UNK
nearly terminal 	UNK
mean-spirited and wryly observant . 	UNK
terminally bland , painfully slow 	UNK
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing . 	UNK
various characters express their quirky inner selves 	UNK
finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona 	UNK
zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction 	UNK
stiflingly 	UNK
the station looking for a return ticket to realism 	UNK
and game phenomenon 	UNK
aggravating 	UNK
the sturdiest example yet 	UNK
a bunch of talented thesps slumming it 	UNK
be depressing 	UNK
so potent 	UNK
which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director 	UNK
when a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there 's something there . 	UNK
hollow at its emotional core 	UNK
that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ... 	UNK
solid job 	UNK
but they 're simply not funny performers 	UNK
a half-assed film . 	UNK
no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain 	UNK
into a smart new comedy 	UNK
pay reparations to viewers 	UNK
beaten 	UNK
the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth 	UNK
affectionate delight 	UNK
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium . 	UNK
surprisingly charming and 	UNK
to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 	UNK
visit , this laboratory of laughter 	UNK
as a landmark in film history 	UNK
rough edges 	UNK
the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom 	UNK
the greatest natural sportsmen 	UNK
pretty and gifted 	UNK
a wal-mart budget 	UNK
annoying score 	UNK
, straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company . 	UNK
an impenetrable and insufferable ball 	UNK
that encompasses many more paths than we started with 	UNK
much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo . 	UNK
is marveilleux 	UNK
acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending 	UNK
( gayton 's script ) telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience . 	UNK
that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting 	UNK
, mayhem and stupidity 	UNK
freedom 	UNK
best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . 	UNK
's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . 	UNK
the problem with wendigo 	UNK
, the movie is rather choppy . 	UNK
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart 	UNK
a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera 	UNK
rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake 	UNK
probe questions of attraction and interdependence 	UNK
dreary tale 	UNK
would benigni 's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster 	UNK
fascinates 	UNK
sucks you in and 	UNK
a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue ... accentuating , rather than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust . 	UNK
feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while 	UNK
in-your-face family drama and black comedy 	UNK
resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product 	UNK
unrewarding all of this 	UNK
fancy 	UNK
flat characters 	UNK
i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further 	UNK
most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings 	UNK
sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer . 	UNK
is still a cinematic touchstone . 	UNK
very sweet 	UNK
a-list director 	UNK
fun and funny in the middle , though 	UNK
but it was n't horrible either 	UNK
you 'd want to smash its face in 	UNK
's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary . 	UNK
shtick 	UNK
the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment 	UNK
an enthusiastic audience 	UNK
not only satisfied 	UNK
morality tale 	UNK
gripping performances 	UNK
a lazy exercise 	UNK
keep you wide awake and 	UNK
into your heart 	UNK
dazzling pop entertainment 	UNK
the good-time shenanigans 	UNK
even if you 've never heard of chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen . 	UNK
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , 	UNK
resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue 	UNK
holds a certain charm 	UNK
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid 	UNK
the perfect cure 	UNK
of bible parables and not an actual story 	UNK
the best sex comedy 	UNK
a movie that is n't just offensive 	UNK
incisive and sensitive 	UNK
is difficult to fathom 	UNK
, apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice . 	UNK
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor . 	UNK
are n't your bailiwick 	UNK
beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it 's a lyrical endeavor . 	UNK
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , 	UNK
bawdy 	UNK
been made with an enormous amount of affection 	UNK
for whom she shows little understanding 	UNK
funniest and most likeable movie in years 	UNK
the full monty was a freshman fluke 	UNK
good 	UNK
about half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal . 	UNK
apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings . 	UNK
trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed 	UNK
dreary , humorless soap opera 	UNK
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict 	UNK
so rich with period minutiae 	UNK
that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release 	UNK
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence 	UNK
of adolescent violence 	UNK
it 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 . 	UNK
... ( the film ) works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay . 	UNK
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , 	UNK
chris columbus ' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original . 	UNK
leaden and dull 	UNK
a lasting impression 	UNK
a trend long overdue 	UNK
is a poem to the enduring strengths of women 	UNK
entertaining mix 	UNK
ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film 	UNK
is a kind of perpetual pain 	UNK
satisfied 	UNK
's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour 	UNK
improves 	UNK
be entertained by 	UNK
some will object to the idea of a vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone 	UNK
simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance 	UNK
, the film is well worthwhile . 	UNK
good vampire tale 	UNK
cheesiest 	UNK
a deliciously nonsensical comedy 	UNK
of satisfying entertainment 	UNK
like leafing through an album of photos 	UNK
narcissism and 	UNK
burns 	UNK
cram too many ingredients into one small pot 	UNK
is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller 	UNK
the shadowy lighting 	UNK
mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 	UNK
arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation . 	UNK
evil dead ii 	UNK
winning 	UNK
this rich 	UNK
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but 	UNK
never seems aware of his own coolness 	UNK
french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition 	UNK
a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya 	UNK
as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro 	UNK
a respectable summer blockbuster 	UNK
does n't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes 	UNK
, state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful . 	UNK
dollars 	UNK
wise men 	UNK
a masterpeice 	UNK
am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here 	UNK
unforgettable characters 	UNK
an assurance worthy of international acclaim 	UNK
blood 	UNK
a great deal of thought 	UNK
you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . 	UNK
a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization 	UNK
nasty journey 	UNK
it should be interesting 	UNK
to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale 	UNK
, he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer . 	UNK
putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . 	UNK
generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters 	UNK
thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt 	UNK
trenchant satirical jabs 	UNK
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider 's performance is so fine 	UNK
fall 's 	UNK
fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller 	UNK
some modest amusements 	UNK
illiterate 	UNK
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and 	UNK
an average b-movie with no aspirations 	UNK
( the film ) tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end 	UNK
get by on humor that is not even as daring as john ritter 's glory days on three 's company 	UNK
there is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country . 	UNK
forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action 	UNK
some special qualities and 	UNK
has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just 	UNK
, hélène angel is definitely a director to watch . 	UNK
are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style . 	UNK
meaningless , vapid and devoid 	UNK
an ` action film ' 	UNK
finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny 	UNK
appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one 	UNK
a naturally funny film , home movie makes you crave chris smith 's next movie . 	UNK
let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next 	UNK
not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise . 	UNK
in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective 	UNK
some very good acting 	UNK
a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy 	UNK
there are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending . 	UNK
filmed directly from a television monitor 	UNK
pros 	UNK
be careful what you wish for 	UNK
's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows . 	UNK
openness , 	UNK
a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad 	UNK
his clamorous approach 	UNK
ambitious , eager 	UNK
was funny 	UNK
tailor-made 	UNK
more experimental in its storytelling 	UNK
into a believable mother/daughter pair 	UNK
crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script 	UNK
quirky , off-beat project 	UNK
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy 	UNK
really quite funny 	UNK
uneasy bonds 	UNK
if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with 	UNK
real filmmaker 's 	UNK
's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman . 	UNK
in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers 	UNK
fire 	UNK
that could have been much better 	UNK
just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite 	UNK
subtly different 	UNK
exploitative and largely devoid 	UNK
thumbs down 	UNK
christmas perennial 	UNK
funnier film 	UNK
some laughs in this movie 	UNK
that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body 	UNK
's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah . 	UNK
makes 	UNK
kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and 	UNK
but a little too smugly superior 	UNK
, it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points . 	UNK
to the most crucial lip-reading sequence 	UNK
make you laugh 	UNK
you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned . 	UNK
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins . 	UNK
philosophers , not 	UNK
it 's very much like life itself . 	UNK
are sweet and believable 	UNK
stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be . 	UNK
as the old-hat province of male intrigue 	UNK
excruciating 	UNK
a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle 	UNK
its easily dismissive 	UNK
a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack 	UNK
those terrific documentaries 	UNK
, evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat . 	UNK
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility . 	UNK
ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering 	UNK
writer and director otar iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls . 	UNK
too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things 	UNK
in pain 	UNK
beautifully acted 	UNK
holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families 	UNK
( d ) espite its familiar subject matter , ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing ... 	UNK
improbable as this premise may seem 	UNK
from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 	UNK
barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all 	UNK
the highest power of all is the power of love 	UNK
canadian filmmaker gary burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous 	UNK
terrific setpieces 	UNK
botches 	UNK
amateurish , quasi-improvised 	UNK
i love it ... hell , i dunno . 	UNK
of a genre gem 	UNK
very well-meaning 	UNK
stuffs his debut 	UNK
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar 	UNK
a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention 	UNK
is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage . 	UNK
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , 	UNK
a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets 	UNK
another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise 	UNK
he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities . 	UNK
anything but laughable 	UNK
the film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story . 	UNK
's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . 	UNK
vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics 	UNK
in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries . ' 	UNK
splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity . 	UNK
by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary 	UNK
a couple of great actors hamming it up 	UNK
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller 	UNK
distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine . 	UNK
provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen . 	UNK
many of these guys are less than adorable 	UNK
a mean-spirited film 	UNK
a suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers . 	UNK
bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent . 	UNK
real poignancy 	UNK
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; 	UNK
pass this stinker 	UNK
that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale 	UNK
of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i 	UNK
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus 	UNK
a story that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos 	UNK
a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences . 	UNK
archly funny 	UNK
but still entertaining 	UNK
entertaining to watch the target practice 	UNK
it just does n't have anything really interesting to say . 	UNK
would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows 	UNK
his work with actors is particularly impressive . 	UNK
it 's plotless , shapeless -- 	UNK
poetic force 	UNK
while dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix . 	UNK
as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material 	UNK
originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller . 	UNK
the emperor 's club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality . 	UNK
the film ultimately fails 	UNK
( tsai 's ) masterpiece 	UNK
unleashes 	UNK
endless trailer 	UNK
yet another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents . 	UNK
a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system 	UNK
does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture 	UNK
no , i hate it . 	UNK
real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way 	UNK
has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be . 	UNK
kind , unapologetic 	UNK
`` suck '' 	UNK
does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is . 	UNK
impressive style 	UNK
an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling 	UNK
one big blustery movie 	UNK
a bad improvisation exercise 	UNK
the dimming of a certain ambition 	UNK
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic 	UNK
this visual trickery 	UNK
for the best of hollywood 's comic-book 	UNK
will be something to behold 	UNK
is a visual treat for all audiences 	UNK
succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing . 	UNK
painless 	UNK
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained 	UNK
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one 	UNK
sometimes quite funny 	UNK
any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect 	UNK
of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties 	UNK
a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound 	UNK
surprising emotional depth 	UNK
the tiresome rant 	UNK
a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground 	UNK
an aimless hodgepodge 	UNK
convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment 	UNK
a handsome and well-made entertainment 	UNK
are reflected in almost every scene 	UNK
are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock 	UNK
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma . 	UNK
's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix 	UNK
tenderly observant of his characters 	UNK
as a dystopian movie 	UNK
digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations 	UNK
guts and 	UNK
do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage 	UNK
acquires an undeniable entertainment value 	UNK
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun . 	UNK
freaks 	UNK
too insistent 	UNK
laughably unconvincing 	UNK
expertly 	UNK
is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise . 	UNK
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun 	UNK
a dungpile 	UNK
spiritually 	UNK
can go home again 	UNK
the message is too blatant 	UNK
a sweet and modest 	UNK
is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed 	UNK
energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 	UNK
the horrible pains 	UNK
it 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb . 	UNK
is awful 	UNK
its solemn pretension 	UNK
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one 	UNK
as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible 	UNK
altered 	UNK
it is handled with intelligence and care 	UNK
being bored 	UNK
its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation 	UNK
kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull 	UNK
the movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots . 	UNK
realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire 	UNK
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and 	UNK
a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor 	UNK
a straight face 	UNK
is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage 	UNK
bad cinema 	UNK
yields surprises . 	UNK
this dream hispanic role 	UNK
make it an above-average thriller . 	UNK
unlikable , spiteful idiots 	UNK
headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film 	UNK
easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing 	UNK
pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet 	UNK
the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd 	UNK
that place , that time 	UNK
more simply intrusive to the story 	UNK
outdated 	UNK
it 's not entirely memorable 	UNK
work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds 	UNK
the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham 's novel ) 	UNK
anthropomorphic 	UNK
like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain 	UNK
frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director 	UNK
seriously bad film 	UNK
in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole 	UNK
impressive roster 	UNK
innovators 	UNK
it 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c.h.o. still feels like a promising work-in-progress . 	UNK
a more annoying , though less angry 	UNK
are sometimes inexpressive 	UNK
there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups 	UNK
enthusiastic audience 	UNK
a series of relentlessly nasty situations 	UNK
it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience 	UNK
another genre exercise , 	UNK
it 's the worst movie of 2002 	UNK
witlessness 	UNK
great fun , 	UNK
from `` promising 	UNK
wildly careening tone 	UNK
who learns that believing in something does matter 	UNK
larded with exposition 	UNK
in that something 's horribly wrong 	UNK
as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year 	UNK
dry humor and jarring shocks , plus 	UNK
at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer . 	UNK
as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room 	UNK
youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness 	UNK
all its agonizing , catch-22 glory 	UNK
engrossing 	UNK
this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat 	UNK
the artwork is spectacular 	UNK
this a charmer 	UNK
they presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so 	UNK
's not very interesting 	UNK
revolutionary 	UNK
most oddly honest 	UNK
even the most jaded cinema audiences 	UNK
given fair warning 	UNK
greatest films 	UNK
poetic force and buoyant feeling 	UNK
birthday girl 's calculated events 	UNK
into an ocean of trouble 	UNK
moving and important film 	UNK
had to endure last summer 	UNK
what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , 	UNK
a clear sense of purpose 	UNK
many moviegoers 	UNK
remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films 	UNK
is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty 	UNK
to die for 	UNK
a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right 	UNK
worth your seven bucks 	UNK
feel good about 	UNK
in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny 	UNK
chilling style 	UNK
proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies . 	UNK
robotically 	UNK
displays in freshening the play 	UNK
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral 	UNK
's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins 	UNK
could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking 	UNK
little action 	UNK
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament . 	UNK
into sub-tarantino cuteness 	UNK
visually atrocious , 	UNK
, irrational , long-suffering but cruel 	UNK
quickie tv special 	UNK
clever script 	UNK
sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution 	UNK
are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	UNK
the collaborative process 	UNK
the unexplainable pain 	UNK
romantic-comedy duds 	UNK
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ichi the killer 	UNK
its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises 	UNK
intermittently good 	UNK
perhaps even the slc high command found writer-director mitch davis 's wall of kitsch hard going . 	UNK
an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia 	UNK
highly studied 	UNK
stuttering editing and pompous references 	UNK
sad , soggy potboiler 	UNK
of the worst movies of the year 	UNK
sadly 	UNK
the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story 	UNK
the day-old shelf 	UNK
an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and 	UNK
surrounding us 	UNK
reflective and 	UNK
for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex 	UNK
much self-centered 	UNK
which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway 	UNK
it 's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest . 	UNK
could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time 	UNK
much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , 	UNK
denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag . 	UNK
leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature 	UNK
the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films 	UNK
the movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory . 	UNK
but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming . 	UNK
hold society in place 	UNK
like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider . 	UNK
after seeing ` analyze that , ' i feel better already . 	UNK
one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right 	UNK
traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications 	UNK
more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama 	UNK
flagrantly 	UNK
keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 	UNK
're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger 	UNK
makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever 	UNK
colorful world 	UNK
impressive achievement 	UNK
some remarkable achival film about how shanghai ( of all places ) served jews who escaped the holocaust . 	UNK
the worst of their shallow styles 	UNK
has a kind of hard , cold effect 	UNK
loveable or otherwise 	UNK
is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film 	UNK
around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's 	UNK
a high water mark 	UNK
clever enough 	UNK
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot 	UNK
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances 	UNK
a good movie 	UNK
is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine . 	UNK
while it can be a bit repetitive , overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary . 	UNK
there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care 	UNK
also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues 	UNK
chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead 	UNK
makes the heart soar 	UNK
played this story straight 	UNK
the worst titles 	UNK
deserves a better vehicle 	UNK
an eviction notice 	UNK
more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance 	UNK
is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian 	UNK
to transcend its clever concept 	UNK
pretty listless collection 	UNK
with a visually masterful work of quiet power 	UNK
completely wreaked 	UNK
even touch us 	UNK
compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness . 	UNK
the wal-mart checkout line 	UNK
'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking 	UNK
doubt it 	UNK
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) . 	UNK
viewers will wish there had been more of the `` queen '' and less of the `` damned . '' 	UNK
of impressive talent 	UNK
done before but never so vividly 	UNK
his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it 	UNK
ethan hawke 's strained chelsea walls 	UNK
cherish 	UNK
are undeniably touched . 	UNK
getting into too many pointless situations 	UNK
streamed across its borders 	UNK
allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range 	UNK
is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause 	UNK
vainly , i think 	UNK
needlessly opaque intro 	UNK
is consistently 	UNK
there 's something vital about the movie . 	UNK
few sleepless hours 	UNK
, albeit a visually compelling one , 	UNK
lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode 	UNK
is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home . 	UNK
, you know the picture is in trouble . 	UNK
city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for . 	UNK
it 's a lyrical endeavor . 	UNK
, this is the most visually unappealing . 	UNK
huston 's revelatory performance 	UNK
further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded . 	UNK
miraculous 	UNK
do well to check this one out 	UNK
both shallow and dim-witted 	UNK
heaven is one such beast 	UNK
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary 	UNK
sullivan and his son 	UNK
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement 	UNK
's worth the concentration 	UNK
choppiness 	UNK
the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . . 	UNK
environmental pollution ever made 	UNK
in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box . 	UNK
as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . 	UNK
if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it . 	UNK
it 's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers . 	UNK
, norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , 	UNK
a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel . 	UNK
into the nature of faith 	UNK
offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people 	UNK
to document all this emotional misery 	UNK
gritty 	UNK
lush , all-enveloping movie experience 	UNK
funnier 	UNK
the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- 	UNK
of updating white 's dry wit to a new age 	UNK
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney 's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and 	UNK
just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination 	UNK
to savor binoche 's skill 	UNK
definitely 	UNK
beaches 	UNK
enchantment 	UNK
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool . 	UNK
deaths 	UNK
wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing 	UNK
the predictable parent 	UNK
was as graceful 	UNK
be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set 	UNK
the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music 	UNK
assured , glossy 	UNK
hitting the audience over the head with a moral 	UNK
against the maker 's minimalist intent 	UNK
the movie as a whole 	UNK
to perform 	UNK
opportunity to make absurdist observations 	UNK
was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time 	UNK
nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business 	UNK
, yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . 	UNK
patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop 	UNK
too bad writer-director adam rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets . 	UNK
call the film ` refreshing 	UNK
disappointingly thin slice 	UNK
that it 's offensive , but 	UNK
in future years as an eloquent memorial 	UNK
bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics . 	UNK
never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry . 	UNK
that 's as entertaining as it is instructive 	UNK
no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair 	UNK
this is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt . 	UNK
to good actors 	UNK
is plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults 	UNK
with imagination 	UNK
all-powerful 	UNK
embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes 	UNK
that it actually makes the heart soar 	UNK
every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here . 	UNK
extraordinarily rich landscape 	UNK
superior crime movie 	UNK
turn on many people to opera , 	UNK
just as endearing and easy to watch 	UNK
what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory 	UNK
there is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone . 	UNK
juice and delight 	UNK
the best inside-show-biz 	UNK
should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler 	UNK
the basic flaws in his vision 	UNK
the better film 's 	UNK
the cruelty and suffering 	UNK
more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 1/2 weeks 	UNK
to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor . 	UNK
's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas 	UNK
just the labor involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing . 	UNK
have been an eerie thriller 	UNK
most substantial feature for some time 	UNK
walked away 	UNK
is plainly dull and visually ugly 	UNK
touching , sophisticated film 	UNK
it 's soulful and unslick 	UNK
the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity . 	UNK
'' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies . 	UNK
it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be 	UNK
is nearly impossible to look at or understand 	UNK
some of it is honestly affecting 	UNK
to the movie 's rude and crude humor 	UNK
an entertaining and informative documentary 	UNK
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and 	UNK
is a plodding mess 	UNK
constant smiles 	UNK
compelling , provocative and prescient viewing 	UNK
you value your time and money 	UNK
arrest development in a dead-end existence 	UNK
, it 's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers . 	UNK
it reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it . 	UNK
incredibly 	UNK
so sloppy , so uneven , so 	UNK
the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work 	UNK
fantasy pablum 	UNK
family dynamics 	UNK
you 'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama . 	UNK
it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing . 	UNK
a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- 	UNK
he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 	UNK
idiotic 	UNK
for finding meaning in relationships or work 	UNK
is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it . 	UNK
an `` ambitious failure 	UNK
enjoyable in its own right 	UNK
a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family 	UNK
of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis 	UNK
to entertain all ages 	UNK
compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen 	UNK
the negative and the script 	UNK
it 's offensive 	UNK
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice 	UNK
goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy . 	UNK
a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film . 	UNK
's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor 	UNK
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders 	UNK
there 's no conversion effort , 	UNK
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , 	UNK
the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise 	UNK
offers winning performances and some effecting moments . 	UNK
with flabby rolls 	UNK
has plenty for those ( like me ) who are n't . 	UNK
oscar-nominated 	UNK
however canned -- 	UNK
sheer ugliness 	UNK
water torture seem appealing 	UNK
in the tradition 	UNK
to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year 	UNK
this interminable , shapeless documentary 	UNK
however entertainingly presented 	UNK
the cast is impressive 	UNK
to wait for the video 	UNK
predominantly amateur 	UNK
looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man . 	UNK
gussied up 	UNK
mishmash 	UNK
seamless and sumptuous stream 	UNK
able to pull it back on course 	UNK
for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time . 	UNK
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original 	UNK
an aimlessness 	UNK
to be as naturally charming as it needs to be 	UNK
the self-image 	UNK
true-to-life characters 	UNK
be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters 	UNK
to believe that something so short could be so flabby 	UNK
at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm 	UNK
made you love it 	UNK
classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ? 	UNK
to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 	UNK
the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that 's all that matters . 	UNK
wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one 	UNK
in a movie this bad 	UNK
trite , predictable rehash 	UNK
the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots 	UNK
that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen 	UNK
alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé . 	UNK
's insecure in lovely and amazing , 	UNK
that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls 	UNK
a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest 	UNK
decent performances 	UNK
its invitingly upbeat overture 	UNK
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , 	UNK
is negated 	UNK
you 'll want things to work out 	UNK
would call it , ` hungry-man portions of bad ' 	UNK
spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future . 	UNK
use of his particular talents 	UNK
is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid 	UNK
reliable textbook 	UNK
determination to inject farcical raunch 	UNK
they 're just a couple of cops in copmovieland , these two , but in narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood . 	UNK
of heart 	UNK
playing the obvious game 	UNK
that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony 	UNK
a deft 	UNK
than the first 30 or 40 minutes 	UNK
on the surface a silly comedy , scotland , pa would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play . 	UNK
bread , my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it . 	UNK
shaking your head 	UNK
encouraging 	UNK
is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate 	UNK
eye-popping visuals 	UNK
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience . 	UNK
a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt 	UNK
hate yourself 	UNK
provides a strong itch to explore more 	UNK
a beautiful paean to a time long past 	UNK
be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black 	UNK
self-amused trash 	UNK
a fair amount of b-movie excitement 	UNK
super - violent , super-serious 	UNK
large-scale 	UNK
consuming self-absorption 	UNK
has its merits 	UNK
has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . ' 	UNK
a sobering meditation 	UNK
make a clear point -- 	UNK
a new benchmark for lameness 	UNK
the film is visually dazzling , 	UNK
a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light . 	UNK
just what ( aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career 	UNK
's most substantial feature for some time 	UNK
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story 	UNK
meandering and confusing 	UNK
become the master of innuendo 	UNK
frida gets the job done . 	UNK
know the band or the album 's songs by heart 	UNK
surprises 	UNK
has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title . 	UNK
rather unexceptional 	UNK
fairly ludicrous plot 	UNK
adventures 	UNK
sleek and arty . 	UNK
eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story 	UNK
easy , seductive pacing 	UNK
must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride . 	UNK
makes up for with its heart . 	UNK
imaginative filmmaker 	UNK
a substantive movie 	UNK
it 's mostly a pleasure to watch . 	UNK
with all of this 	UNK
, the score is too insistent 	UNK
to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese 	UNK
that actually has a brain 	UNK
an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing 	UNK
editorial process 	UNK
closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel 	UNK
a side dish of asparagus 	UNK
they wo n't enjoy the movie at all . 	UNK
winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say 	UNK
gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1/2 - hour running time 	UNK
were a person 	UNK
poetry in motion captured on film . 	UNK
flat as a spoof 	UNK
are pretty valuable 	UNK
a smart , nuanced look 	UNK
the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture . 	UNK
like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going 	UNK
three-hour endurance test 	UNK
right direction 	UNK
most poorly staged and lit 	UNK
sillier 	UNK
a sour attempt at making a farrelly brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female 	UNK
carmichael 	UNK
sappy 	UNK
truths 	UNK
overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances . 	UNK
has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it 	UNK
meyjes 's movie , like max rothman 's future , does not work . 	UNK
is masterly 	UNK
stands as a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 . 	UNK
constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey 	UNK
abrupt 	UNK
this often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal . 	UNK
an overwhelming pleasure 	UNK
silly stuff 	UNK
is much more p.c. than the original version ( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) 	UNK
pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage 	UNK
does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy 	UNK
constant smiles and frequent laughter 	UNK
his sly , intricate magic 	UNK
predictable , manipulative stinker 	UNK
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but 	UNK
like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale 	UNK
enlivens this film 	UNK
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film 	UNK
extremely unpleasant 	UNK
for each other 	UNK
morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about 	UNK
nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy . 	UNK
unfortunate title 	UNK
is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing 	UNK
a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script 	UNK
to get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of dr. freud . 	UNK
the problem with the bread , my sweet 	UNK
lost dreams 	UNK
sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile 	UNK
builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love 	UNK
that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable 	UNK
looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history 	UNK
forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer 	UNK
have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense 	UNK
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic 	UNK
works because reno 	UNK
cheer flick 	UNK
a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise . 	UNK
thick clouds of denial 	UNK
of fun , with an undeniable energy 	UNK
it may scream low budget , 	UNK
vivacious 	UNK
an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty . 	UNK
obvious and lengthy 	UNK
delights for adults 	UNK
combined with so much first-rate talent 	UNK
it also rocks . 	UNK
which awards animals the respect they 	UNK
into bizarre , implausible behavior 	UNK
its impressive images 	UNK
has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor . 	UNK
it 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground . 	UNK
gentle longing 	UNK
very compelling 	UNK
an already thin story 	UNK
uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels . 	UNK
turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count 	UNK
90-minute dud 	UNK
ensures the film never feels draggy . 	UNK
's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller 	UNK
that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm . 	UNK
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades 	UNK
scruffy , dopey old 	UNK
genuine and sweet 	UNK
of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name 	UNK
i 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies 	UNK
vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much . 	UNK
's surprisingly decent , particularly 	UNK
he 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness . 	UNK
as though they are having so much fun 	UNK
a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears 	UNK
a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise . 	UNK
overly familiar 	UNK
can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards . 	UNK
distinguished 	UNK
likely to seduce and conquer 	UNK
the background -- a welcome step 	UNK
` christian bale 's quinn ( is ) a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . ' 	UNK
marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity 	UNK
gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers 	UNK
before you pay the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead 	UNK
life 's ultimate losers 	UNK
, what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ? 	UNK
is a slapdash mess 	UNK
speeds up 	UNK
insanely violent and very graphic 	UNK
nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , 	UNK
satisfactorily 	UNK
fried in pork 	UNK
the emotional depth 	UNK
concentrates far too much 	UNK
eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done 	UNK
populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about 	UNK
familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it 	UNK
of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall 	UNK
prevents them from firing on all cylinders 	UNK
about their lives , loves and the art 	UNK
is off his game 	UNK
a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless . 	UNK
this is a big , juicy role 	UNK
a very complex situation 	UNK
it 's really well directed 	UNK
a valentine sealed with a kiss 	UNK
theater feeling 	UNK
to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances 	UNK
cliches and pabulum 	UNK
constant fits of laughter 	UNK
wobbly 	UNK
secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way 	UNK
is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams . 	UNK
in a summer of clones , harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects . 	UNK
for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time 	UNK
irresistible 	UNK
equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid . 	UNK
, it also has plenty for those ( like me ) who are n't . 	UNK
to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough 	UNK
a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion 	UNK
dry the undead action flick formula 	UNK
dull girl 	UNK
bungle their way through the narrative 	UNK
yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero . 	UNK
actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny 	UNK
joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate 	UNK
is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that 's hard to resist 	UNK
the nifty premise 	UNK
the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend 	UNK
the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable 	UNK
that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell 	UNK
is that it counts heart as important as humor . 	UNK
it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period 	UNK
a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs 	UNK
scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an 	UNK
dog soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it 	UNK
smooth and professional 	UNK
naomi watts is terrific as rachel 	UNK
a-list brit actors 	UNK
grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun 	UNK
playful and haunting 	UNK
the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days 	UNK
winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars . 	UNK
tossed in 	UNK
its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling . 	UNK
for some robust and scary entertainment 	UNK
such a pleasure 	UNK
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but 	UNK
a troubadour 	UNK
of that already-shallow 	UNK
its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue 	UNK
even lazier 	UNK
on a string of exotic locales 	UNK
a fresh way 	UNK
the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes 	UNK
` ick ' 	UNK
interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring . 	UNK
notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour 	UNK
it is derivative 	UNK
the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware 	UNK
of high art 	UNK
despite all the backstage drama 	UNK
are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels . 	UNK
squarely fills the screen . 	UNK
all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen 	UNK
top-billed star bruce willis 	UNK
a good yarn -- 	UNK
too late 	UNK
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion 	UNK
a movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts . 	UNK
lost the ability to think 	UNK
, you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production . 	UNK
a sensitive , moving , 	UNK
if you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ?!? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie 	UNK
to flat characters 	UNK
cinematic poem 	UNK
boiling point 	UNK
the rich performances by friel 	UNK
a meatier deeper beginning and/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is , it 's a very very strong `` b + . '' 	UNK
maddeningly insistent and repetitive 	UNK
dream 	UNK
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , 	UNK
everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art 	UNK
degrading and 	UNK
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag . 	UNK
compelling story to tell 	UNK
the film 's intimate camera work and 	UNK
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached 	UNK
that it 's more than a worthwhile effort 	UNK
this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food . 	UNK
is no doubt true 	UNK
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability 	UNK
clear-cut 	UNK
be a breakthrough in filmmaking 	UNK
succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system 	UNK
beautiful 	UNK
although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks . 	UNK
each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster 	UNK
how bad it is 	UNK
the film shatters you in waves . 	UNK
the movie 's downfall 	UNK
sometimes murky 	UNK
the first question to ask about bad company is why anthony hopkins is in it . 	UNK
loud , chaotic and largely unfunny . 	UNK
inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening . 	UNK
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch . 	UNK
add much-needed levity 	UNK
from any movie with a `` 2 '' 	UNK
another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate 	UNK
boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp 	UNK
because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , 	UNK
if it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for . 	UNK
called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but 	UNK
brilliant in this 	UNK
its utterly misplaced earnestness 	UNK
nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length 	UNK
sluggish , 	UNK
four-star 	UNK
'' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . 	UNK
holiday carol 	UNK
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling 	UNK
never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance . 	UNK
flat acting 	UNK
a romantic comedy plotline 	UNK
the star-making machinery of tinseltown 	UNK
welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture 	UNK
jabs 	UNK
take a complete moron 	UNK
of the most unpleasant things the studio 	UNK
mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls 	UNK
the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history 	UNK
best kind 	UNK
no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it 	UNK
broad cross-section 	UNK
the filmmaker 's characteristic style 	UNK
are fantastic 	UNK
most brilliant work 	UNK
condescending 	UNK
is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal 	UNK
the star who helped give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` the sum of all fears . '' 	UNK
with the american dream 	UNK
may not be a straightforward bio 	UNK
especially grateful for freedom 	UNK
has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline . 	UNK
van wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest . 	UNK
eerie thriller 	UNK
using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook 	UNK
we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat . 	UNK
joy and pride 	UNK
you crave chris smith 's next movie 	UNK
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any oscars . 	UNK
in the best way 	UNK
exquisitely 	UNK
improperly hammy performance 	UNK
'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy 	UNK
it does not attempt to filter out the complexity 	UNK
banged their brains into the ground 	UNK
the funniest and most accurate depiction 	UNK
attuned 	UNK
aspires to be more than another `` best man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film . 	UNK
, ` swept away ' sinks . 	UNK
respects the material without sentimentalizing it 	UNK
incredible storyline 	UNK
the beauty 	UNK
for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff 	UNK
a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower 	UNK
a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 	UNK
plant smile-button faces 	UNK
knockout 	UNK
, the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything . 	UNK
are so stunning 	UNK
never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ... 	UNK
this movie is careless and unfocused . 	UNK
that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres 	UNK
crisp and 	UNK
zany ' 	UNK
fuddled 	UNK
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , 	UNK
thrill you 	UNK
invite some genuine spontaneity into the film 	UNK
boring movie 	UNK
the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding 	UNK
warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer 	UNK
to do with imagination than market research 	UNK
of oral storytelling frozen onto film 	UNK
a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence 	UNK
awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful 	UNK
dramatic snapshot 	UNK
portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue . 	UNK
an animation landmark as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs . 	UNK
the catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders . 	UNK
sentiment and withholds delivery 	UNK
we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes 	UNK
style and bold colors 	UNK
more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead 	UNK
becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring 	UNK
best performance 	UNK
is a little too in love with its own cuteness 	UNK
hilarious and 	UNK
that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging 	UNK
the comic elements of the premise , 	UNK
expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup 	UNK
uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real 	UNK
could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation . 	UNK
's an utterly static picture 	UNK
hate it because it 's lousy 	UNK
this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air . 	UNK
you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes 	UNK
leave a lasting impression 	UNK
miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin 	UNK
an old-fashioned scary movie , 	UNK
, inspiring 	UNK
weak and ineffective ghost story 	UNK
is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose 	UNK
into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists 	UNK
modern masculine journey 	UNK
soars 	UNK
the courage 	UNK
manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity 	UNK
is a very good viewing alternative for young women . 	UNK
the animation master 	UNK
for a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them . 	UNK
gone wrong 	UNK
the earmarks 	UNK
quick-buck sequel 	UNK
inventive director 	UNK
sly , sophisticated and surprising . 	UNK
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , 	UNK
the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and 	UNK
improves upon the original hit movie 	UNK
such good humor 	UNK
an oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion . 	UNK
demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking . 	UNK
is a truly , truly bad movie . 	UNK
happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude . 	UNK
an unlimited amount of phony blood 	UNK
going out and enjoying the big-screen experience 	UNK
is tepid and tedious . 	UNK
quirky and taken with its own style 	UNK
one of the best 	UNK
under-rehearsed 	UNK
does everything 	UNK
bogs down in genre cliches here . 	UNK
scotland looks wonderful 	UNK
it really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` evelyn . ' 	UNK
more simply intrusive 	UNK
jaw-dropping action sequences 	UNK
acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice 	UNK
overrun modern-day comedies 	UNK
it 's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough . 	UNK
is scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph 	UNK
rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along . 	UNK
of delightful hand shadows 	UNK
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl 	UNK
humanizing stuff 	UNK
, ms. shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast . 	UNK
brooding 	UNK
gabbiest giant-screen movie 	UNK
horrifyingly 	UNK
even-toned direction 	UNK
, brain-deadening hangover 	UNK
deeply authentic 	UNK
scant place 	UNK
falls flat 	UNK
depressing to see how far herzog has fallen 	UNK
never cuts corners . 	UNK
is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings 	UNK
contrived , 	UNK
's there to scare while we delight in the images 	UNK
the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates . 	UNK
exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor 	UNK
comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride . 	UNK
a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy 	UNK
should catch this imax offering 	UNK
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers . 	UNK
is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes . 	UNK
a lot of fun , with an undeniable energy 	UNK
a beautiful paean to a time 	UNK
the gifted crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself 	UNK
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it . 	UNK
bravery and dedication 	UNK
visceral excitement 	UNK
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm 	UNK
divine 	UNK
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real -- 	UNK
unique way shainberg 	UNK
which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title 	UNK
nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film 	UNK
julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism 	UNK
but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera 	UNK
the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream 	UNK
satisfies , as comfort food often can 	UNK
, captures a life interestingly lived 	UNK
a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed . 	UNK
's undeniably hard to follow 	UNK
hate it . 	UNK
can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie 	UNK
originality 	UNK
ai n't art 	UNK
has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape . 	UNK
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe 	UNK
has some freakish powers of visual charm 	UNK
the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better 	UNK
hypnotically dull . 	UNK
juvenile delinquent 	UNK
who is chasing who or 	UNK
infectiously enthusiastic 	UNK
rare 	UNK
sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness 	UNK
seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times 	UNK
is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic 	UNK
the visceral excitement 	UNK
suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable 	UNK
the film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard . 	UNK
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet 	UNK
a recommendation 	UNK
shining 	UNK
directed and convincingly acted 	UNK
an honesty and dignity 	UNK
enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , 	UNK
ca n't wait to see end . 	UNK
serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context 	UNK
worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film . 	UNK
a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before 	UNK
's plenty to enjoy -- 	UNK
it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect 	UNK
to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 	UNK
final verdict 	UNK
allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being . 	UNK
is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film 	UNK
beguiling 	UNK
, '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . '' 	UNK
girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter italian comedy . 	UNK
there is no denying the power of polanski 's film ... 	UNK
video before month 's end 	UNK
, its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded . 	UNK
that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd 	UNK
chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans . 	UNK
these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs . 	UNK
just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain 	UNK
of animated filmmaking since old walt 	UNK
to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms 	UNK
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking 	UNK
the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype 	UNK
's hard to like a film so cold and dead 	UNK
damon/bourne or his predicament 	UNK
'll wait in vain for a movie to happen . 	UNK
pacino is the best he 's been in years and 	UNK
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history . 	UNK
gives these women 	UNK
will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it . 	UNK
tosses around sex toys and offers 	UNK
fantastic 	UNK
this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian . 	UNK
moments out of an alice 	UNK
looks genuinely pretty . 	UNK
is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian . 	UNK
a great cast and a great idea 	UNK
unexplainable pain 	UNK
make great marching bands 	UNK
fine actors 	UNK
, glaring and unforgettable . 	UNK
deserves to be seen everywhere . 	UNK
thoughtful minor classic 	UNK
is milked 	UNK
its own ludicrous terms 	UNK
poetic symbolism 	UNK
a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 	UNK
has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star 	UNK
frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment 	UNK
cancer 	UNK
a wonderful life marathons and bored 	UNK
cliche-ridden film 	UNK
a solid , unassuming drama . 	UNK
that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character 	UNK
, it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him 	UNK
has a terrific look 	UNK
thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest 	UNK
there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away . 	UNK
noble 	UNK
they are in this tepid genre offering 	UNK
fails to provoke them . 	UNK
left me feeling refreshed and hopeful . 	UNK
better at fingering problems than finding solutions 	UNK
better than the phantom menace 	UNK
is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations . 	UNK
demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded . 	UNK
be underestimated 	UNK
the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity 	UNK
a flourish 	UNK
's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . 	UNK
quick-cut edits 	UNK
family film sequel 	UNK
an affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary 	UNK
in middle-of-the-road blandness 	UNK
than a half-hearted fluke 	UNK
has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history . 	UNK
proves himself a deft pace master and stylist . 	UNK
fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting 	UNK
of exploiting molestation for laughs 	UNK
` possession , ' based on the book by a.s. byatt , demands that labute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit 	UNK
steven soderbergh does n't remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris so much as distill it . 	UNK
like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six . 	UNK
that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material 	UNK
the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general 	UNK
sprung to life 	UNK
history in perspective 	UNK
could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy 	UNK
rather listless amble 	UNK
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier . 	UNK
is n't very effective 	UNK
he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing 	UNK
it must be the end of the world : 	UNK
schlocky creature 	UNK
feels like a copout 	UNK
a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy 	UNK
finesse 	UNK
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject 	UNK
schneidermeister ... makin ' a fool of himself ... losin ' his fan base 	UNK
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and 	UNK
highly-praised 	UNK
a not-so-divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood with a hefty helping of re-fried green tomatoes . 	UNK
are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise 	UNK
oppressively heavy 	UNK
carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect . 	UNK
achieves its main strategic objective : 	UNK
another best of the year selection 	UNK
sad nonsense , this 	UNK
uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated . 	UNK
to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 	UNK
an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 	UNK
something a little more special behind it : 	UNK
the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt 	UNK
inventive , consistently intelligent and 	UNK
sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins 	UNK
as the protagonists struggled 	UNK
melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements 	UNK
of hype 	UNK
an odd show , pregnant with moods , 	UNK
should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor . 	UNK
refreshingly forthright 	UNK
perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective . 	UNK
from the dull 	UNK
in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile 	UNK
are for children and dog lovers 	UNK
that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand 	UNK
excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries . 	UNK
a heartfelt romance for teenagers 	UNK
i did n't find much fascination in the swinging . 	UNK
elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic 	UNK
watching the powerpuff girls movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures . 	UNK
with most of the big summer movies 	UNK
gift 	UNK
endure almost unimaginable horror 	UNK
to abandon the theater 	UNK
the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme 	UNK
progressed as nicely as ` wayne 	UNK
this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there . 	UNK
beats new life into it 	UNK
splendid singing 	UNK
a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes 	UNK
do n't really care for the candidate 	UNK
are not at all entertaining 	UNK
deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate . 	UNK
stale plot and pornographic way 	UNK
the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows . 	UNK
potty-mouthed enough for pg-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults . 	UNK
only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at 	UNK
in which the talent is undeniable 	UNK
what gives human nature its unique feel 	UNK
paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and 	UNK
's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal . 	UNK
together ( time out and human resources ) establish mr. cantet as france 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace . 	UNK
well established 	UNK
, they finally feel absolutely earned 	UNK
the most pitiful directing 	UNK
a moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama that should bolster director and co-writer juan josé campanella 's reputation in the united states . 	UNK
, stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore . 	UNK
giant william randolph hearst 	UNK
relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message 	UNK
based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , 	UNK
an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book 	UNK
long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame 	UNK
of story and his juvenile camera movements 	UNK
a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining 	UNK
bolstered by exceptional performances 	UNK
dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool 	UNK
if that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will . 	UNK
at least it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii . 	UNK
dark , intelligent warning cry 	UNK
is far from disappointing , offering an original 	UNK
lies ... 	UNK
could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one 	UNK
she may not be real , but the laughs are 	UNK
have thought possible 	UNK
fluid 	UNK
juliette binoche 's sand is vivacious , but it 's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile . 	UNK
an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey 	UNK
released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd 	UNK
it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers 	UNK
the spirit 	UNK
, irredeemably awful . 	UNK
unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades 	UNK
-- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama 	UNK
nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor . 	UNK
snoozer . 	UNK
a heavy stench 	UNK
is so slight 	UNK
unnecessary films 	UNK
at its visual delights 	UNK
leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face 	UNK
a fascinating curiosity piece 	UNK
amiable and committed 	UNK
hop beat 	UNK
the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery 	UNK
abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here 	UNK
detailing 	UNK
about bad cinema 	UNK
boredom to the point 	UNK
perfect wildean actor 	UNK
with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect 	UNK
do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold . 	UNK
that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s 	UNK
an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need 	UNK
should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days 	UNK
really cool 	UNK
it was particularly funny 	UNK
for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable 	UNK
superhero 	UNK
clichés and borrowed images 	UNK
possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance 	UNK
is a must ! 	UNK
accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill 	UNK
assured , vital 	UNK
tediously exasperating 	UNK
of life and small delights 	UNK
( and better ) 	UNK
has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition 	UNK
general family chaos to which anyone can relate 	UNK
technically sumptuous but 	UNK
an effectively chilling guilty pleasure 	UNK
saved from 	UNK
a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) 	UNK
as banal as the telling may be -- and at times , all my loved ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention . 	UNK
only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage 	UNK
aground after being snared in its own tangled plot 	UNK
, the old mib label stands for milder is n't better . 	UNK
stale and uninspired . 	UNK
including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny 	UNK
priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal . 	UNK
makes it look like a masterpiece 	UNK
content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago 	UNK
of a good time 	UNK
a spiffy animated feature 	UNK
the best sports movie 	UNK
the troubling thing about clockstoppers 	UNK
picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like 	UNK
prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny 	UNK
quirky and recessive charms 	UNK
surprise us with plot twists 	UNK
makes this a high water mark for this genre 	UNK
badly-rendered 	UNK
( hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it . 	UNK
's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary 	UNK
gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear 	UNK
make this an eminently engrossing film 	UNK
let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best 	UNK
work better 	UNK
about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year . 	UNK
with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought 	UNK
most importantly 	UNK
should scare any sane person away 	UNK
life 's wonderment 	UNK
could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s 	UNK
not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original 	UNK
remains brightly optimistic , 	UNK
scooby-doo does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick . 	UNK
mentally `` superior '' 	UNK
its sleazy moralizing 	UNK
amusedly , 	UNK
engaging , 	UNK
is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others 	UNK
like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless 	UNK
yet unforgivingly inconsistent 	UNK
wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies . 	UNK
in favor 	UNK
-- sadly -- 	UNK
's all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect . 	UNK
affectionately 	UNK
a great impression 	UNK
, the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story . 	UNK
it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone 	UNK
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , 	UNK
farts , boobs 	UNK
joyous documentary . 	UNK
crudely 	UNK
another wholly unnecessary addition 	UNK
want to see over and over again 	UNK
a rather bland affair . 	UNK
of the nincompoop benigni persona 	UNK
say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful 	UNK
might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies 	UNK
a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women 	UNK
finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack . 	UNK
with pitifully few real laughs 	UNK
one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 	UNK
as faithful portraiture 	UNK
according to the script , grant and bullock 's characters are made for each other . 	UNK
one of the best ensemble casts of the year 	UNK
is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane 	UNK
makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates 	UNK
is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor 	UNK
for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films , this is a must ! 	UNK
runs 163 minutes 	UNK
is devoid of wit and humor 	UNK
that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride 	UNK
it never lacks in eye-popping visuals 	UNK
a serious minded patience , respect and affection 	UNK
uncharismatically 	UNK
that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh 	UNK
enjoyable ease 	UNK
it 's got the brawn , but not the brains . 	UNK
pretty good little movie . 	UNK
another classic 	UNK
rehashes to feed to the younger generations 	UNK
lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail . 	UNK
one of this year 's very best pictures 	UNK
more confused , less interesting and more sloppily 	UNK
defend himself 	UNK
gets sillier , not scarier 	UNK
can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold 	UNK
does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story 	UNK
its delivery is a complete mess 	UNK
snide and 	UNK
ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) 	UNK
a compassionate , moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp 	UNK
long workout 	UNK
boom mikes 	UNK
so flabby 	UNK
half the excitement of balto , 	UNK
will assuredly 	UNK
are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones 	UNK
debuts by an esteemed writer-actor . 	UNK
walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes 	UNK
emphasizes the computer and the cool 	UNK
to big box office bucks all but guaranteed 	UNK
telling 	UNK
tattered and ugly past 	UNK
a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails 	UNK
the worst film of the year 	UNK
brightly colored dreams 	UNK
beautifully shaped 	UNK
the holocaust escape story 	UNK
humble 	UNK
something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers 	UNK
but even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic . 	UNK
in which most of the characters forget their lines 	UNK
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team ... 	UNK
as original and insightful 	UNK
brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images 	UNK
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect 	UNK
involving in its bold presentation 	UNK
look like a masterpiece 	UNK
an enthusiastic charm 	UNK
but then again , i hate myself most mornings . 	UNK
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music 	UNK
astonishingly condescending attitude 	UNK
, it does n't even seem like she tried . 	UNK
shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom . 	UNK
demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were . 	UNK
it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film . 	UNK
, do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ? 	UNK
encompasses many more paths 	UNK
the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it . 	UNK
stylized humor throughout 	UNK
're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over 	UNK
is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay . 	UNK
to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds 	UNK
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple 	UNK
traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations 	UNK
i know that i 'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again 	UNK
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general . 	UNK
you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor . 	UNK
inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 	UNK
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights 	UNK
are lacking 	UNK
, the power of this movie is undeniable . 	UNK
exceptional 	UNK
its position 	UNK
like shrek , spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world . 	UNK
created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy . 	UNK
frothing 	UNK
brilliant performances 	UNK
the movie 's messages are quite admirable 	UNK
perfect family film 	UNK
makes the formula fresh again 	UNK
to forget that they are actually movie folk 	UNK
gaping enough to pilot 	UNK
are very expressive 	UNK
beating the austin powers films at their own game 	UNK
pokes , provokes 	UNK
the procession 	UNK
is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a randall wallace film . 	UNK
the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage 	UNK
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep 	UNK
, they 'll probably run out screaming . 	UNK
sharply comic 	UNK
( tries ) 	UNK
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , 	UNK
a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had 	UNK
like it 	UNK
advantage 	UNK
could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay 	UNK
can depress you about life itself . 	UNK
hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry 	UNK
to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience 	UNK
halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . 	UNK
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; 	UNK
guns , violence 	UNK
the silliness 	UNK
a solid formula 	UNK
entirely wholesome ) 	UNK
most of the movie 's success 	UNK
is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines 	UNK
confident filmmaking 	UNK
respects 	UNK
trickery 	UNK
managed to convey a tiny sense of hope 	UNK
is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip . 	UNK
alexandre dumas classic 	UNK
is more likely to induce sleep than fright 	UNK
a tragic love story 	UNK
any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice 	UNK
focus , point and purpose 	UNK
capable 	UNK
mortal awareness 	UNK
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , 	UNK
a pathetic , endearing hero 	UNK
if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself 	UNK
it is an uneven film for the most part 	UNK
contrived pastiche of caper clichés . 	UNK
cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated 	UNK
seagal ran out of movies years ago , and 	UNK
exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza . 	UNK
lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther 	UNK
the really bad blair witch project 	UNK
make such a worthless film 	UNK
collapses 	UNK
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit 	UNK
will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then . 	UNK
the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing . 	UNK
twinkling 	UNK
endorses 	UNK
mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 	UNK
you exit the theater 	UNK
self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence 	UNK
creep the living hell out of you 	UNK
like the guys 	UNK
gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear 	UNK
the ridiculous dialog 	UNK
is definitely a cut above the rest . 	UNK
boozy 	UNK
there is nothing redeeming about this movie . 	UNK
be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 	UNK
brilliant and macabre 	UNK
endearing and easy 	UNK
a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating 	UNK
slapped together 	UNK
a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made . 	UNK
sag in certain places 	UNK
a thrill 	UNK
deeply affecting film 	UNK
no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) 	UNK
avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest 	UNK
the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . 	UNK
has a lot of charm . 	UNK
two ideas 	UNK
absorbing documentary 	UNK
the characters are paper thin 	UNK
is worth your time , especially 	UNK
destroy 	UNK
queasy 	UNK
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task 	UNK
... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project ! 	UNK
the action is stilted and 	UNK
about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl 	UNK
its strengths 	UNK
a plodding mess 	UNK
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- 	UNK
the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books 	UNK
'll find in this dreary mess 	UNK
powerful and provocative 	UNK
is a just a waste . 	UNK
is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor . 	UNK
that is even lazier and far less enjoyable . 	UNK
pleasant in spite of its predictability 	UNK
she is a lioness , 	UNK
of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds 	UNK
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat 	UNK
aims to confuse 	UNK
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but `` elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases 	UNK
finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers . 	UNK
comes off winningly 	UNK
the best film 	UNK
takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it . 	UNK
` comedy ' scenes 	UNK
very pleasing at its best moments 	UNK
awkwardly contrived exercise 	UNK
two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd 	UNK
is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice . 	UNK
the more serious-minded concerns 	UNK
while the story 's undeniably hard to follow 	UNK
is not quite the career peak 	UNK
can comfortably hold 	UNK
it would still be beyond comprehension 	UNK
nelson 's intentions are good , but 	UNK
with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else 	UNK
retrospectively , his most personal work yet . 	UNK
by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy 	UNK
in painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people 	UNK
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , 	UNK
talk down to them 	UNK
popular 	UNK
sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche 	UNK
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip 	UNK
cliché-riddled 	UNK
is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence . 	UNK
kill the effect 	UNK
feel realistic . 	UNK
authentically impulsive humor 	UNK
's one of the worst of the entire franchise 	UNK
a weird little movie 	UNK
've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . 	UNK
often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy 	UNK
emotionally vapid 	UNK
better 	UNK
the world 's political situation 	UNK
forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ? 	UNK
who seem barely in the same movie 	UNK
serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm . 	UNK
was only 	UNK
a dull girl , that 's all 	UNK
it squanders chan 's uniqueness 	UNK
can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ? 	UNK
hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work 	UNK
slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia 	UNK
rising above similar fare 	UNK
detailed 	UNK
fat , dumb 	UNK
hashiguchi vividly captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse . 	UNK
a tasty masala . 	UNK
their idol 's energy and passion 	UNK
're engulfed by it . 	UNK
the road warrior 	UNK
intellectual and emotional pedigree 	UNK
a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller 	UNK
less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is . 	UNK
into corny sentimentality 	UNK
the cleverest 	UNK
is small and shriveled 	UNK
by a warmth that is n't faked 	UNK
, sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped . 	UNK
its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more . 	UNK
of high romance , brought off with considerable wit 	UNK
may cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists . 	UNK
's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name 	UNK
wonderous accomplishment 	UNK
emotionally strong and politically potent 	UNK
the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller 	UNK
jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor 	UNK
as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth 	UNK
rare directors 	UNK
it 's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours . 	UNK
mr. wollter and ms. seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear . 	UNK
serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale 	UNK
listless 	UNK
ray liotta 	UNK
no psychology here , 	UNK
hardly an objective documentary 	UNK
vaunted empathy 	UNK
of unfaithful 	UNK
pathetic , endearing 	UNK
it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema 	UNK
wise-beyond-her-years 	UNK
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad . 	UNK
awkward version 	UNK
unhibited 	UNK
unbreakable 	UNK
tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments 	UNK
strike a chord 	UNK
alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience . 	UNK
fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count 	UNK
one of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace 	UNK
a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue 	UNK
could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population . 	UNK
it dull , lifeless , and irritating 	UNK
moore 's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions . 	UNK
absurdities and inconsistencies 	UNK
a smear 	UNK
a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents 	UNK
's nothing remotely topical or sexy here . 	UNK
in the travails of creating a screenplay 	UNK
the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking 	UNK
this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part . 	UNK
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more . 	UNK
children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death 	UNK
elvira fans 	UNK
's nothing to gain from watching they 	UNK
, the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché . 	UNK
too dark to be decipherable 	UNK
took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and 	UNK
with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity 	UNK
provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision 	UNK
the ideal casting 	UNK
too few 	UNK
unpredictable , hilarious 	UNK
make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' 	UNK
the insightful writer/director 	UNK
wildly inventive 	UNK
, girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre . 	UNK
elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . 	UNK
the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride . 	UNK
observant , unfussily poetic 	UNK
sincerity 	UNK
weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens 	UNK
show real heart 	UNK
a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot . 	UNK
roiling 	UNK
as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy 	UNK
unstable 	UNK
this crude 	UNK
the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . 	UNK
... by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over . 	UNK
do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance 	UNK
look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy 	UNK
could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip 	UNK
is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer 	UNK
the movie 's major and most devastating flaw 	UNK
solid sci-fi thriller 	UNK
otherwise , this could be a passable date film . 	UNK
the cold light 	UNK
a subzero version 	UNK
a great deal of fun 	UNK
this deeply moving french drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times . 	UNK
blade 2 	UNK
capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark 	UNK
neither as scary-funny as tremors 	UNK
moronic 	UNK
with a grand whimper 	UNK
each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top 	UNK
most exciting action films 	UNK
press the delete key . 	UNK
ravishing 	UNK
incapable of controlling his crew 	UNK
of a paranoid and unlikable man 	UNK
really horrible drek . 	UNK
an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama . 	UNK
well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin . 	UNK
modern master 	UNK
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing 	UNK
is the film roman polanski may have been born to make 	UNK
imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 	UNK
who play their roles with vibrant charm 	UNK
the french director has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing . 	UNK
remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be 	UNK
neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored . 	UNK
best movie 	UNK
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen 	UNK
would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi 	UNK
terrible , banal dialogue 	UNK
bad 	UNK
good old fashioned spooks 	UNK
kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit 	UNK
killing its soul 	UNK
it 's exploitive without being insightful . 	UNK
however 	UNK
's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance 	UNK
went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood . 	UNK
still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love . 	UNK
is an entirely foreign concept 	UNK
keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable 	UNK
one of the most curiously depressing 	UNK
i 'll buy the criterion dvd . 	UNK
do well to cram earplugs 	UNK
recent successes 	UNK
pleasure 	UNK
its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome 	UNK
us right into the center of that world 	UNK
like schindler 's list 	UNK
the modern day 	UNK
does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is 	UNK
oddly sweet comedy 	UNK
with flashes of warmth and gentle humor 	UNK
boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually 	UNK
thoughtful examination 	UNK
an engaging and intimate first feature 	UNK
the theme does n't drag an audience down 	UNK
contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls . 	UNK
the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me . 	UNK
a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 	UNK
's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics 	UNK
despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . 	UNK
none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' 	UNK
's lovely 	UNK
one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works 	UNK
stirring 	UNK
the career peak 	UNK
, with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly 	UNK
unfunny one 	UNK
they sometimes still can be made 	UNK
remarkable and novel 	UNK
effective film 	UNK
most enjoyable releases 	UNK
one it follows into melodrama and silliness 	UNK
boiled hollywood argot 	UNK
brings a beguiling freshness 	UNK
the small screen 	UNK
powerful and 	UNK
soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm . 	UNK
executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity 	UNK
unsophisticated 	UNK
a freshly painted rembrandt 	UNK
is inane and awful 	UNK
have no affinity for most of the characters 	UNK
in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape 	UNK
finest films 	UNK
a standout performance 	UNK
nothing overly original 	UNK
unique , well-crafted psychological study 	UNK
be another shameless attempt by disney 	UNK
almost unimaginable horror 	UNK
funniest 	UNK
is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year 	UNK
likeable 	UNK
from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny 	UNK
sometimes creepy intimacy 	UNK
but blatantly biased 	UNK
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' 	UNK
like jimmy 's routines 	UNK
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact . 	UNK
virtuosic set pieces 	UNK
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie . 	UNK
tries-so-hard-to-be-cool 	UNK
wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him . 	UNK
pretty much self-centered 	UNK
seems to have recharged him . 	UNK
is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact 	UNK
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching 	UNK
pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience 	UNK
the pitfalls 	UNK
that tell the best story 	UNK
in such odd plot 	UNK
ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents 	UNK
see it for the passion 	UNK
good material 	UNK
's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals 	UNK
irritates and saddens 	UNK
a kind 	UNK
breathes extraordinary life 	UNK
entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated 	UNK
skip the film and pick up the soundtrack 	UNK
layered richness 	UNK
boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . 	UNK
behold in its sparkling beauty 	UNK
can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities . 	UNK
texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , 	UNK
sedate 	UNK
bogs down in rhetoric and cliché . 	UNK
a huge sacrifice 	UNK
while the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity . 	UNK
fred schepisi 's tale of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point . 	UNK
clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line 	UNK
sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening 	UNK
the places , and the people , 	UNK
with fondness and respect 	UNK
this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay . 	UNK
dry of humor , verve and fun 	UNK
darker 	UNK
winning piece 	UNK
spends a bit too much time 	UNK
undeniable energy 	UNK
nobody in the viewing audience cares 	UNK
on par with the first one 	UNK
wo n't still be tapping 	UNK
that peace is possible 	UNK
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting . 	UNK
if you appreciate the one-sided theme to lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade 	UNK
it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters . 	UNK
been exhausted by documentarians 	UNK
contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways 	UNK
no , i do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money . 	UNK
ultra-violent 	UNK
so many bad romances out there 	UNK
that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor 	UNK
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes 	UNK
eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , 	UNK
a middle-aged romance 	UNK
are presented in convincing way 	UNK
but every bit as filling as the treat of the title 	UNK
takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope 	UNK
the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino . 	UNK
, absurd collection 	UNK
no teeth 	UNK
enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages 	UNK
grow into a movie career 	UNK
is not the director at his most sparkling 	UNK
the film has ( its ) moments 	UNK
telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience . 	UNK
is a wish a studio 's wallet makes 	UNK
is like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot . 	UNK
rollicking adventure 	UNK
( tries ) to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the united states . 	UNK
think of it as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch 	UNK
buoyant energy level 	UNK
younger generations 	UNK
feel absolutely 	UNK
homage 	UNK
showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge 	UNK
schizo 	UNK
process of imparting knowledge . 	UNK
as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) 	UNK
a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in . 	UNK
what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 	UNK
guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster . 	UNK
astounds 	UNK
live happily ever 	UNK
often exquisite 	UNK
scandal 	UNK
if ( jaglom 's ) latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing . 	UNK
are too cute 	UNK
kids = misery 	UNK
pointed personalities 	UNK
whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us . 	UNK
funny and , in the end , 	UNK
often watchable , though goofy and lurid , 	UNK
expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) 	UNK
will probably be a talky bore 	UNK
it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one . 	UNK
served 	UNK
a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans ( but by no means all ) 	UNK
transforms one of ( shakespeare 's ) deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy . 	UNK
give credit to affleck . 	UNK
discordant 	UNK
invaluable service 	UNK
gross-out flicks , 	UNK
am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display 	UNK
muting 	UNK
shows moments of promise 	UNK
sham actor workshops and 	UNK
serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time . 	UNK
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking . 	UNK
interesting technical exercise 	UNK
too slow 	UNK
is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . 	UNK
slice of hitchcockian suspense . 	UNK
than anything seen on jerry springer 	UNK
contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen 	UNK
aimlessly 	UNK
solemn insights 	UNK
a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera 's attention to detail . 	UNK
should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake 	UNK
with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free 	UNK
watching it was painful 	UNK
one gets the feeling that the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here 	UNK
reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm 	UNK
paul grabowsky 's excellent music 	UNK
if disingenuous , 	UNK
redundancies 	UNK
a few cheap shocks 	UNK
the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen . 	UNK
troubled and determined homicide cop 	UNK
is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . 	UNK
road trip 	UNK
without any of its satirical 	UNK
the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome 	UNK
matches the page-turning frenzy 	UNK
be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in 	UNK
it 's too long 	UNK
stealing harvard ca n't even do that much . 	UNK
good for the goose 	UNK
what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay 	UNK
a huge disappointment coming , as it does 	UNK
it already has one strike against it . 	UNK
an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar 	UNK
ben affleck 	UNK
unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck . 	UNK
comedic bliss 	UNK
to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming 	UNK
sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse . 	UNK
is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains 	UNK
more abhorrent 	UNK
powerful and universal 	UNK
quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver . 	UNK
peculiarly moral amorality 	UNK
bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago 	UNK
is wondrously creative . 	UNK
's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction . 	UNK
a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder 	UNK
you 'll forget about it by monday , though , and 	UNK
( caine ) proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film . 	UNK
a sane regimen 	UNK
of the most interesting writer/directors 	UNK
an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation 	UNK
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , 	UNK
my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe . 	UNK
's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud 	UNK
is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics . 	UNK
writer and director burr steers knows the territory 	UNK
humorous 	UNK
being a true adaptation of her book 	UNK
is clever and funny 	UNK
undeniably gorgeous 	UNK
the evening to end 	UNK
, and genius 	UNK
her life half-asleep 	UNK
what 's missing is what we call the ` wow ' factor . 	UNK
profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment 	UNK
, it is more likely to induce sleep than fright . 	UNK
spend 110 claustrophobic minutes 	UNK
false and fabricated 	UNK
of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making 	UNK
is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an mtv , sugar hysteria , and playstation cocktail . 	UNK
there is a mediocre movie trying to get out . 	UNK
compelling plots 	UNK
food-for-thought cinema 	UNK
crushingly self-indulgent spectacle 	UNK
, luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain 	UNK
tremendous chemistry 	UNK
the writing is clever and the cast is appealing 	UNK
brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished . 	UNK
its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity 	UNK
intimate than spectacular 	UNK
a portrait of two strong men in conflict 	UNK
its appeal 	UNK
in bad stage dialogue 	UNK
deep , uncompromising curtsy 	UNK
quality band 	UNK
the movie 's various victimized audience members 	UNK
this picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer . 	UNK
tedious 	UNK
, but because of the startling intimacy 	UNK
scorcher 	UNK
recognize it 	UNK
real-life hollywood fairy-tale 	UNK
is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture . 	UNK
increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool 	UNK
enjoyable feel-good family comedy 	UNK
, evelyn comes from the heart . 	UNK
dark , intelligent 	UNK
fluid and mesmerizing sequence 	UNK
gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general 	UNK
tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device 	UNK
, you know there 's something there . 	UNK
the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food 	UNK
as a cult film 	UNK
revisionist fancy 	UNK
is greatness here . 	UNK
get out your pooper-scoopers . 	UNK
i say , entertaining 	UNK
is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky . 	UNK
thanks to remarkable performances 	UNK
pushing the jokes at the expense of character 	UNK
old story 	UNK
that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel 	UNK
contrived , lame screenplay 	UNK
is n't as compelling or as believable 	UNK
is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne 	UNK
intelligent subtlety 	UNK
in itself , is extraordinary . 	UNK
clear-cut hero 	UNK
exceedingly memorable one for most people 	UNK
about the thousands of americans who die hideously 	UNK
you can practically hear george orwell turning over . 	UNK
a zany mix 	UNK
after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course . 	UNK
are very , very good reasons 	UNK
the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes 	UNK
's actually sort of amazing 	UNK
we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching . 	UNK
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest 	UNK
offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . 	UNK
scarcely worth 	UNK
whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that 	UNK
, the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . 	UNK
shakespeare 's better known tragedies 	UNK
you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action ... 	UNK
an interesting character 	UNK
brave and 	UNK
please history fans 	UNK
few seconds 	UNK
that something so short could be so flabby 	UNK
are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug 	UNK
two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all . 	UNK
to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny 	UNK
and just plain dumb 	UNK
is like nothing we westerners have seen before . 	UNK
thought out 	UNK
drowsy drama 	UNK
glory 	UNK
savage full-bodied wit 	UNK
make like the title and dodge this one . 	UNK
a skillful fisher 	UNK
clumsy and 	UNK
his effortless performance 	UNK
a brutal and funny work . 	UNK
feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy 	UNK
enjoyed most of mostly martha 	UNK
' i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too . 	UNK
introduce video as art 	UNK
good and ambitious 	UNK
viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 	UNK
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film 	UNK
considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve 	UNK
makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured 	UNK
can get on television for free 	UNK
the movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh . 	UNK
soulful , incisive meditation 	UNK
is n't scary . 	UNK
seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness 	UNK
of lazy humor 	UNK
in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was 	UNK
just bad 	UNK
added clout 	UNK
wholly unconvincing 	UNK
most appealing 	UNK
the subtle direction 	UNK
comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids 	UNK
such a dependable concept was botched in execution 	UNK
there 's no rooting interest 	UNK
kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera . 	UNK
ridiculousness 	UNK
distracts 	UNK
with so much passion 	UNK
a few big laughs 	UNK
director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining 	UNK
is still very much worth 	UNK
a sequel you can refuse 	UNK
bad soap opera 	UNK
pacing and lack 	UNK
my seat trying to sneak out of the theater 	UNK
worthwhile themes 	UNK
threw medical equipment at a window 	UNK
infinitely wittier version 	UNK
ebullient tunisian film 	UNK
acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 	UNK
invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ? 	UNK
forcefully told , with superb performances throughout 	UNK
are laughs aplenty 	UNK
incapable 	UNK
that 's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat . 	UNK
a fascinating study 	UNK
festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you . 	UNK
the treat of the title 	UNK
a vanity project 	UNK
horrifyingly , 	UNK
less funny 	UNK
intriguing story 	UNK
chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror 	UNK
hampered 	UNK
missing a beat 	UNK
's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie 	UNK
an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise 	UNK
ensures the film never feels draggy 	UNK
mr. deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way 	UNK
the film 's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them . 	UNK
utter cuteness 	UNK
one of the most splendid 	UNK
spikes of sly humor 	UNK
confusing sexual messages 	UNK
screenplay to die for 	UNK
one-sided documentary 	UNK
, it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out . 	UNK
that is revelatory 	UNK
artsy and 	UNK
'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . 	UNK
refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man 	UNK
such a lousy way 	UNK
to be intimate and socially encompassing 	UNK
jumps around with little logic or continuity , 	UNK
overflows with wisdom and emotion 	UNK
realistic characters 	UNK
induces a kind of abstract guilt , 	UNK
wear thin on all 	UNK
leaves a bitter taste . 	UNK
of strictly a-list players 	UNK
not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since the bad news bears has been ? 	UNK
a spirited film and 	UNK
she 's pretty and she can act -- 	UNK
tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence 	UNK
to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 	UNK
the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy . 	UNK
life-embracing spirit 	UNK
grievous but obscure complaint 	UNK
paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen 	UNK
makes the right choices at every turn 	UNK
a bored cage 	UNK
without cheesy fun factor . 	UNK
while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention . 	UNK
deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals 	UNK
a bore 	UNK
a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb 	UNK
start to drag as soon as the action speeds up 	UNK
to do with 94 minutes 	UNK
a cinematic touchstone 	UNK
just how well 	UNK
's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's . 	UNK
embarrassment and others 	UNK
poignancy , and intelligence 	UNK
's just merely very bad 	UNK
feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way . 	UNK
this loose collection of largely improvised numbers 	UNK
more dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating 	UNK
there are some movies that hit you from the first scene 	UNK
a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem 	UNK
reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness 	UNK
the last 15 minutes 	UNK
the gentle and humane side 	UNK
stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast 	UNK
solid formula 	UNK
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy 	UNK
often inspiring 	UNK
about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones 	UNK
results that are sometimes bracing 	UNK
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up 	UNK
a compelling investigation 	UNK
is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet 	UNK
a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore 	UNK
felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them . 	UNK
will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers 	UNK
tender , 	UNK
binks 	UNK
comedy fare 	UNK
is akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material . 	UNK
rank frustration from those in the 	UNK
could n't care less 	UNK
very ugly , 	UNK
a distinctly minor effort 	UNK
are acting like puppets 	UNK
really horrible 	UNK
martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach . 	UNK
might more accurately be titled mr. chips off the old block 	UNK
beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . 	UNK
perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood 	UNK
friday the 13th 	UNK
the surest bet 	UNK
a lush , swooning melodrama 	UNK
glaring and unforgettable 	UNK
undeniable entertainment value 	UNK
profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen . 	UNK
laughed throughout the movie 	UNK
uglier 	UNK
scrutinize 	UNK
crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and 	UNK
while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold . 	UNK
talk to her is so darned assured 	UNK
the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack 	UNK
thrills and extreme emotions 	UNK
has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong 	UNK
clients 	UNK
a slam-bang extravaganza that 	UNK
a set of heartfelt performances 	UNK
deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie 	UNK
nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me ( horrors ! ) 	UNK
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself . 	UNK
such exuberance and passion 	UNK
as gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting . 	UNK
a story that 's shapeless and uninflected 	UNK
's as sweet as greenfingers 	UNK
the distinct and very welcome sense 	UNK
's quite fun in places 	UNK
is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion . 	UNK
attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one . 	UNK
the script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar . 	UNK
with bogus profundities 	UNK
as well as a masterfully made one 	UNK
a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , 	UNK
tremendous promise 	UNK
a shallow rumination 	UNK
career peak 	UNK
, they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination . 	UNK
original 	UNK
though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . 	UNK
shamelessly money-grubbing 	UNK
in trapped 	UNK
is a convincing one 	UNK
believable and heart-wrenching 	UNK
vibrant , colorful world 	UNK
confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong 	UNK
funny little film 	UNK
that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable 	UNK
the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions 	UNK
misguided comedy 	UNK
about a horrifying historical event 	UNK
seems inconceivable 	UNK
rare combination 	UNK
groundbreaking 	UNK
plot conceits 	UNK
the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication 	UNK
solid performances and eerie atmosphere 	UNK
fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket 	UNK
die 	UNK
it 's awfully entertaining to watch . 	UNK
ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous . 	UNK
the slow parade 	UNK
embedded in the sexy demise of james dean 	UNK
less an examination of neo-nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself 	UNK
years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	UNK
the movie completely transfixes the audience . 	UNK
he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh 	UNK
true and historically significant 	UNK
fulford-wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen . 	UNK
easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters 	UNK
pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice 	UNK
little else 	UNK
entertain all ages 	UNK
fresh good looks and 	UNK
about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times 	UNK
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble 	UNK
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton 	UNK
if only it were that grand a failure 	UNK
a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives . 	UNK
of determination and the human spirit 	UNK
has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency 	UNK
passably 	UNK
, it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story . 	UNK
little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick . 	UNK
beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva 	UNK
schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . ' 	UNK
just brilliant in this 	UNK
the talented 	UNK
when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type 	UNK
terribly obvious 	UNK
created a monster but did n't know how to handle it . 	UNK
book-on-tape 	UNK
the original was n't a good movie 	UNK
the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works 	UNK
would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris . 	UNK
reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding 	UNK
will no doubt 	UNK
the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year 	UNK
bright future 	UNK
an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way 	UNK
it 's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan . 	UNK
delivers a magnetic performance 	UNK
oscar winners 	UNK
a dull , dumb and derivative horror film 	UNK
manage to hit all of its marks 	UNK
new texture , new relevance , new reality 	UNK
look no further 	UNK
nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book . 	UNK
too much of a plunge 	UNK
singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn . 	UNK
makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible 	UNK
wildly uneven movie 	UNK
is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory 	UNK
begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy 	UNK
talented people 	UNK
is such a perfect medium for children , 	UNK
riveting , brisk delight 	UNK
riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday 	UNK
, it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived . 	UNK
stakes out the emotional heart of happy . 	UNK
friday after next 	UNK
's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem 	UNK
check it out 	UNK
looking for astute observations and coming up blank 	UNK
raunchy and 	UNK
acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses 	UNK
, organic character work 	UNK
cinematic poet 	UNK
the filmmakers ' eye for detail and 	UNK
were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project 	UNK
besotted and obvious drama 	UNK
is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences 	UNK
scoring high for originality of plot 	UNK
no signs of life 	UNK
williams absolutely nails sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness . 	UNK
an absurdist spider web . 	UNK
it 's a movie that gets under your skin . 	UNK
move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film 	UNK
relationship and 	UNK
does n't really know or care about the characters , and 	UNK
the film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long . 	UNK
comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life 	UNK
fantastic 	UNK
a deceptively simple premise 	UNK
determined , ennui-hobbled 	UNK
brave , uninhibited 	UNK
, repetitive and ragged 	UNK
an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` spy kids 2 ' 	UNK
it 's pleasant enough 	UNK
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . ' 	UNK
the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew 	UNK
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary . 	UNK
because he gives the story some soul 	UNK
downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating . 	UNK
appealing blend 	UNK
discursive but oddly riveting documentary . 	UNK
lulls you into a gentle waking coma 	UNK
a moratorium 	UNK
terribly episodic 	UNK
wal-mart checkout line 	UNK
relied too much on convention 	UNK
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire . 	UNK
dreary movie . 	UNK
feels like a glossy rehash . 	UNK
of breathtaking mystery 	UNK
, personal film 	UNK
a dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides . 	UNK
donovan ... squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences . 	UNK
this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , 	UNK
changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza 	UNK
, witless mess 	UNK
not scary 	UNK
unbearable when it is n't merely offensive . 	UNK
in a big way 	UNK
remains uniquely itself 	UNK
made for the big screen , some for the small screen 	UNK
despair and 	UNK
is greatness 	UNK
of unrecoverable life 	UNK
no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare 	UNK
shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops 	UNK
does n't do more than expand a tv show to movie length . 	UNK
a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth 	UNK
profoundly devastating events 	UNK
cumbersome 	UNK
's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout 	UNK
it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman 	UNK
below 	UNK
animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 	UNK
you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with 	UNK
far more often than the warfare itself -- 	UNK
on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue 	UNK
emerging in world cinema 	UNK
grating 	UNK
, food-for-thought cinema 	UNK
consistently clever and suspenseful . 	UNK
put on an intoxicating show . 	UNK
average formulaic romantic quadrangle 	UNK
forgets 	UNK
the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste . 	UNK
catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and 	UNK
low-brow humor 	UNK
well-written and 	UNK
it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways 	UNK
the profoundly devastating events of one year ago 	UNK
trying to forget 	UNK
than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline 	UNK
too big 	UNK
( jackson and bledel ) seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd . 	UNK
close to being exciting 	UNK
sometimes murky , always brooding look 	UNK
lackluster 	UNK
holds up well 	UNK
none of this sounds promising 	UNK
went over my head or 	UNK
in its laid-back way 	UNK
as earnest as a community-college advertisement , american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school . 	UNK
conspicuous success 	UNK
more of a poetic than a strict reality , 	UNK
sophomoric 	UNK
the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure 	UNK
smartly played and smartly directed . 	UNK
makes an amazing breakthrough 	UNK
it 'll only put you to sleep . 	UNK
often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments . 	UNK
there are now two signs that m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs . 	UNK
hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own 	UNK
harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style 	UNK
we had to endure last summer , 	UNK
beautiful , evocative 	UNK
here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination . 	UNK
kaufman and gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go 	UNK
of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael 	UNK
this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio . 	UNK
especially charm 	UNK
engaging , imaginative filmmaking 	UNK
gorgeousness 	UNK
unforgettable 	UNK
dumb gags , anatomical humor 	UNK
proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , 	UNK
scum 	UNK
a low-key , organic way 	UNK
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and 	UNK
, hart 's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player . 	UNK
promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination . 	UNK
very best movies 	UNK
a cinematic postcard 	UNK
, tender and heart-wrenching 	UNK
extraordinary 	UNK
a young american , 	UNK
's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre . 	UNK
none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either 	UNK
all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but 	UNK
marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world 	UNK
no wit 	UNK
observant of his characters 	UNK
vampire fun 	UNK
a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de 	UNK
is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate 	UNK
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appears on the screen 	UNK
there to scare while we delight in the images 	UNK
were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor 	UNK
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but 	UNK
self-hatred instilled 	UNK
politics 	UNK
more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat . 	UNK
over-blown drama 	UNK
raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before . 	UNK
often likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy . 	UNK
those prone to indignation need not apply 	UNK
his promise remains undiminished 	UNK
terrific documentaries 	UNK
, fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen . 	UNK
the movie is ingenious fun . 	UNK
's a movie about it 	UNK
issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate . 	UNK
a surprisingly anemic disappointment 	UNK
for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history 	UNK
a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way 	UNK
something creepy and vague 	UNK
with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans 	UNK
imax cinema 	UNK
acting that heralds something special 	UNK
for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype . 	UNK
imagine susan sontag falling in love with howard stern . 	UNK
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up 	UNK
do n't avert our eyes for a moment 	UNK
searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces 	UNK
, you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie . 	UNK
, this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success . 	UNK
a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes 	UNK
yes , it 's as good as you remember . 	UNK
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and 	UNK
quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor . 	UNK
are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns 	UNK
a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces . 	UNK
enjoyably 	UNK
, annoying , heavy-handed 	UNK
this 20th anniversary edition of the film 	UNK
a cutting hollywood satire 	UNK
keen eye , sweet spirit and 	UNK
that have preceded it 	UNK
as simple self-reflection meditation 	UNK
as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable 	UNK
blazingly alive and admirable 	UNK
, the lady and the duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art . 	UNK
evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat 	UNK
our sympathies 	UNK
the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most 	UNK
, this film should not be missed . 	UNK
is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus . 	UNK
a sharp , amusing study 	UNK
thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer . 	UNK
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) 	UNK
a muted freak-out 	UNK
wants to break free of her old life 	UNK
the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth 	UNK
an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher 's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue . 	UNK
, viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure . 	UNK
with a smile on your face 	UNK
i liked about schmidt a lot , but i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed 	UNK
like you 've actually spent time living in another community 	UNK
to the flowering of the south korean cinema 	UNK
goodness for this signpost 	UNK
recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to 	UNK
is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative 	UNK
unique residences 	UNK
, unholy hokum . 	UNK
a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film 	UNK
comes off as a touching , transcendent love story . 	UNK
that 's neither completely enlightening 	UNK
most jaded cinema audiences 	UNK
to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals 	UNK
catch it ... if you can ! 	UNK
cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay 	UNK
certain sexiness 	UNK
a lively and engaging examination 	UNK
silly but strangely believable 	UNK
his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place 	UNK
lasting traces of charlotte 's web 	UNK
not smart and 	UNK
high-profile 	UNK
to the gallic ` tradition of quality 	UNK
the little nuances 	UNK
the result , however well-intentioned , 	UNK
a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films -- 	UNK
this schlocky horror/action hybrid 	UNK
utter authority 	UNK
a solid , unassuming drama 	UNK
seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable 	UNK
a charge of genuine excitement 	UNK
witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful . 	UNK
in a movie that works against itself 	UNK
her film 	UNK
a blown-out vein 	UNK
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and 	UNK
is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action 	UNK
for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure 	UNK
oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique 	UNK
from the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait . 	UNK
with her actors 	UNK
much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever 	UNK
's stupid 	UNK
funny and poignant 	UNK
a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director 	UNK
insufferably 	UNK
warm and 	UNK
it 's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt . 	UNK
disney scrape 	UNK
star trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy . 	UNK
well-timed 	UNK
immensely ambitious , 	UNK
indulgence 	UNK
transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama 	UNK
the beach 	UNK
the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies 	UNK
another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s american sports movie . 	UNK
a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide 	UNK
dumbed-down 	UNK
is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull . 	UNK
, well-crafted family film 	UNK
stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights . 	UNK
a movie i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance . 	UNK
should see it as soon as possible 	UNK
add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb 	UNK
imbued with passion and attitude . 	UNK
brought down by lousy direction 	UNK
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - 	UNK
a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal 	UNK
that deserves recommendation 	UNK
fatal ailments 	UNK
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery . 	UNK
a joyous communal festival 	UNK
opera-ish story 	UNK
's not very interesting . 	UNK
encourage 	UNK
with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil 	UNK
a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view 	UNK
faithful to melville 's plotline 	UNK
the best performance 	UNK
it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case . 	UNK
, wan na watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? 	UNK
surrealist flourishes 	UNK
to intolerable levels 	UNK
, broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car . 	UNK
report card : does n't live up to the exalted tagline 	UNK
talented cast 	UNK
typical pax 	UNK
is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast 	UNK
's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment 	UNK
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful 	UNK
mesmerize 	UNK
just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm . 	UNK
a film that are still looking for a common through-line 	UNK
a gorgeously strange movie 	UNK
were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn . 	UNK
's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance . 	UNK
's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers 	UNK
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent 	UNK
off the hook 	UNK
a really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness . 	UNK
, then you 're at the right film . 	UNK
gently tedious in its comedy 	UNK
but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds . 	UNK
creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic . 	UNK
is a pretty good job , 	UNK
judd 's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice . 	UNK
invitingly upbeat 	UNK
the ingenious construction ( adapted by david hare from michael cunningham 's novel ) constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism 	UNK
carrying more emotional baggage than batman 	UNK
a macabre and very stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters . 	UNK
features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever . 	UNK
a grittily beautiful film that looks 	UNK
dysfunctional parent-child relationship 	UNK
flimsy ending 	UNK
to a satisfying destination 	UNK
except for the fine star performances 	UNK
a disquieting and thought-provoking film 	UNK
however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , blade ii mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary . 	UNK
authentic to the core of his being 	UNK
is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful . 	UNK
seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity 	UNK
viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor 	UNK
jolie 's hideous yellow ` do 	UNK
visually engrossing 	UNK
the top japanese animations 	UNK
by lousy direction 	UNK
hip comedy 	UNK
but unmemorable 	UNK
scare while we delight in the images 	UNK
with its own solemn insights 	UNK
grows monotonous 	UNK
is nothing in it to engage children emotionally 	UNK
film buzz and whir 	UNK
indie tatters and self-conscious seams 	UNK
incurably 	UNK
disney 	UNK
has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product . 	UNK
manages to be even worse than its title 	UNK
bouquet gives a performance that is masterly . 	UNK
such high-profile talent 	UNK
oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy 	UNK
campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast 	UNK
often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 	UNK
erotic 	UNK
the stunt work is top-notch ; 	UNK
of its critical backlash and more 	UNK
undemanding armchair tourists 	UNK
how this gets us in trouble 	UNK
that grand a failure 	UNK
the worst sin 	UNK
is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself 	UNK
its body humor and reinforcement 	UNK
complex , politically charged tapestry 	UNK
from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea 	UNK
realize your mind is being blown . 	UNK
a few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies . 	UNK
suffocating and sometimes almost senseless 	UNK
the excellent performances 	UNK
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances 	UNK
will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids 	UNK
the sentimental script has problems 	UNK
any age 	UNK
why i have given it a one-star rating 	UNK
for something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash . 	UNK
that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle 	UNK
ca n't deny its seriousness and quality 	UNK
pseudo-philosophic 	UNK
classified as a movie-industry satire 	UNK
it ` perfection 	UNK
a sweet 	UNK
a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure 	UNK
can practically hear george orwell turning over . 	UNK
does n't so much phone in his performance as 	UNK
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , 	UNK
of black indomitability 	UNK
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates 	UNK
into the structure of relationships 	UNK
smart movie 	UNK
award-winning 	UNK
is heartfelt and achingly real . 	UNK
eerily accurate depiction 	UNK
scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario . 	UNK
look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard 	UNK
demanding 	UNK
pokémon 4ever 	UNK
its moment 	UNK
to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved 	UNK
suffering from a severe case of hollywood-itis 	UNK
first-rate cast 	UNK
gently political 	UNK
remembrance 	UNK
enjoy the movie 	UNK
figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand 	UNK
is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs 	UNK
that jackie chan is getting older 	UNK
makes you crave chris smith 's next movie . 	UNK
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and 	UNK
fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian . 	UNK
an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity . 	UNK
husband-and-wife disaster 	UNK
nurtures the multi-layers of its characters 	UNK
admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics 	UNK
seems suited neither to kids or adults 	UNK
old-world charm 	UNK
torn apart by a legacy of abuse 	UNK
so not-at-all-good 	UNK
rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . 	UNK
worst -- and only -- killer website movie 	UNK
passions , obsessions , and 	UNK
fits into a classic genre , 	UNK
a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation . 	UNK
, brooding and slow 	UNK
as well its delightful cast -- 	UNK
consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and 	UNK
engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary 	UNK
the right thing 	UNK
is another liability 	UNK
that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care 	UNK
by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing 	UNK
a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer 	UNK
heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible 	UNK
seem odd bedfellows 	UNK
purely abstract 	UNK
thanks to the château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation , almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises . 	UNK
a fragmented film 	UNK
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... bisset is both convincing and radiant 	UNK
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : 	UNK
characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago 	UNK
often surprises you with unexpected comedy 	UNK
proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy 	UNK
this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes . 	UNK
juicy writer 	UNK
right film 	UNK
, it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy . 	UNK
can not disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice 	UNK
of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary 	UNK
heartfelt concern 	UNK
watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights 	UNK
of the worst possibilities of mankind 	UNK
miserable 	UNK
( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there 's something vital about the movie . 	UNK
can be fruitful : ` in praise of love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself 	UNK
a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron 	UNK
a rounded and revealing overview 	UNK
enjoy the new guy . 	UNK
is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness 	UNK
a non-stop cry for attention 	UNK
thoughtful , unapologetically raw 	UNK
murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team 	UNK
both heartbreaking 	UNK
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home 	UNK
absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist 	UNK
tickles 	UNK
potty-mouthed enough 	UNK
clumsy cliché 	UNK
through kafka 's meat grinder 	UNK
invite 	UNK
that were already tired 10 years ago 	UNK
regret and , ultimately , finding redemption 	UNK
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium 	UNK
the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars 	UNK
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest . 	UNK
the minds and hearts of many 	UNK
sentimental 	UNK
are simply intoxicating . 	UNK
is kind of special 	UNK
the cinematic canon , 	UNK
creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters . 	UNK
seem like such a bore 	UNK
never having seen the first two films in the series , i ca n't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days . 	UNK
eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful 	UNK
's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth . 	UNK
sounding like arnold schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , ( ahola ) has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation . 	UNK
if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational 	UNK
is little else to recommend `` never again . '' 	UNK
the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about . 	UNK
simple-minded and stereotypical 	UNK
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... 	UNK
its unsettling force 	UNK
half-assed film . 	UNK
sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning 	UNK
steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good 	UNK
hard-hitting 	UNK
it 's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form . 	UNK
incoherent 	UNK
as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care 	UNK
sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things 	UNK
incredibly layered and stylistic 	UNK
at a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture . 	UNK
with really poor comedic writing 	UNK
wastes its time on mood 	UNK
is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism 	UNK
greatest mistake 	UNK
hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over 	UNK
degrades its characters , its stars and its audience . 	UNK
carl 	UNK
the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort 	UNK
less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession . 	UNK
is a big letdown . 	UNK
put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today 	UNK
this thing works on no level whatsoever for me . 	UNK
they presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson 	UNK
( reaches ) wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair . 	UNK
an hour and a half of joyful solo performance . 	UNK
frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness 	UNK
is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is 	UNK
refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original 	UNK
ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego . 	UNK
predictability is the only winner 	UNK
great crimes 	UNK
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash. , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting 	UNK
done that ... a thousand times already 	UNK
no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act 	UNK
of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery 	UNK
good thing 	UNK
the feat with aplomb 	UNK
strange and wonderful creatures 	UNK
the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang 	UNK
slow 	UNK
ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients 	UNK
less entertaining 	UNK
by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing 	UNK
the film 's ill-considered notion 	UNK
mattel 	UNK
the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant 	UNK
than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up 	UNK
by its lack of purpose 	UNK
intimate and 	UNK
seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else 	UNK
fat 	UNK
barney 's ideas about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material . 	UNK
pick your nose instead 	UNK
'' and `` terrible 	UNK
the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow 	UNK
derivative 	UNK
all , a condition only the old are privy to 	UNK
more emotional force than any other recent film 	UNK
is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay 	UNK
wise-beyond-her-years teen 	UNK
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil . 	UNK
the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting . 	UNK
'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen . 	UNK
so original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up . 	UNK
my own tortured psyche 	UNK
the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich 	UNK
fun-loving libertine 	UNK
's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh 	UNK
break up 	UNK
a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can 	UNK
eat popcorn 	UNK
deserves a place of honor next to nanook 	UNK
is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb 	UNK
wafer-thin 	UNK
turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy 	UNK
the most original fantasy film 	UNK
's no conversion effort 	UNK
uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! 	UNK
to shout insults at the screen 	UNK
genuine ones 	UNK
what madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once . 	UNK
that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop 	UNK
with a bouncy score 	UNK
one of the year 's best films 	UNK
a fleeting grasp 	UNK
appreciate 	UNK
, there 's something vital about the movie . 	UNK
it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights 	UNK
the euphoria 	UNK
imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone 	UNK
be best forgotten 	UNK
that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot 	UNK
a listless and desultory affair . 	UNK
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises 	UNK
entertaining and informative documentary 	UNK
and insufferable ball 	UNK
the sleekness of the film 's present 	UNK
was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise 	UNK
its emotional power 	UNK
an ordeal than an amusement 	UNK
well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too 	UNK
was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be . 	UNK
smooth , shrewd , powerful act 	UNK
glossy rehash 	UNK
the one not-so-small problem with expecting 	UNK
a nicely 	UNK
unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers 	UNK
a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism 	UNK
to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be 	UNK
, delicately performed 	UNK
perceptive , good-natured movie 	UNK
almost saves the movie . 	UNK
race splitting 	UNK
a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived 	UNK
exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) 	UNK
... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired . 	UNK
as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart 	UNK
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws 	UNK
like a hazy high that takes too long to shake 	UNK
, and rousing 	UNK
immature provocations 	UNK
serve the work especially well 	UNK
ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film . 	UNK
graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful , 	UNK
that were once amusing 	UNK
tame 	UNK
another gross-out college comedy -- 	UNK
best spent elsewhere 	UNK
distant 	UNK
the battle 	UNK
you feel genuinely good 	UNK
like quirky , slightly strange french films 	UNK
first major studio production 	UNK
as a low-budget series on a uhf channel 	UNK
successfully blended satire 	UNK
a high-powered star pedigree 	UNK
a waste 	UNK
well-made 	UNK
thought-provoking and 	UNK
us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way 	UNK
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and 	UNK
is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this . 	UNK
have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries 	UNK
's worth yet another visit 	UNK
expressionistic license 	UNK
the visual flourishes 	UNK
the script has less spice than a rat burger 	UNK
explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut 	UNK
more mindless drivel 	UNK
simply astounding 	UNK
incompetent , 	UNK
gets the tone just right -- 	UNK
pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion . 	UNK
however , it 's invaluable 	UNK
... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations . 	UNK
personal self-discovery 	UNK
are great rewards here . 	UNK
characteristically engorged and 	UNK
who is chasing who 	UNK
's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience . 	UNK
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year 	UNK
most good-hearted yet 	UNK
a gratingly unfunny groaner 	UNK
cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view 	UNK
, like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride . 	UNK
most disappointing 	UNK
sophisticated wit 	UNK
in a summer of clones 	UNK
cliched dialogue and perverse escapism 	UNK
a very depressing movie of many missed opportunities . 	UNK
dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy . 	UNK
feel like three hours 	UNK
owes enormous debts 	UNK
bogs down in a surfeit of characters and 	UNK
insipid 	UNK
seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects 	UNK
one regards reign of fire with awe . 	UNK
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout 	UNK
has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream 	UNK
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing 	UNK
schneider is no steve martin 	UNK
murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ... 	UNK
a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal 	UNK
's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress . 	UNK
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , 	UNK
humanity 's greatest shame 	UNK
sweet cinderella story 	UNK
is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable . 	UNK
makin ' a fool of himself 	UNK
an engrossing story 	UNK
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but 	UNK
, for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life 	UNK
sucking you in ... and making you sweat 	UNK
plays out ... like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller 's time out 	UNK
is in his element 	UNK
has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book 	UNK
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying 	UNK
enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary . 	UNK
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation . 	UNK
does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting 	UNK
a happy ending 	UNK
george lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension . 	UNK
complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen 	UNK
seem one-dimensional 	UNK
throw each other out windows 	UNK
though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama . 	UNK
the worst movies of the year 	UNK
, poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 	UNK
ultra-cheesy 	UNK
playfully 	UNK
action-packed film 	UNK
if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in 	UNK
hefty thematic material 	UNK
noticeably less 	UNK
victim 	UNK
to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy 	UNK
heart 	UNK
did n't hate this one 	UNK
emotionally bruised characters 	UNK
feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock 	UNK
pure , exciting moviemaking 	UNK
, is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . 	UNK
of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh 	UNK
it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress . 	UNK
evasive 	UNK
most of it given to children 	UNK
delusional 	UNK
wimps 	UNK
who unfortunately works with a two star script 	UNK
well-acted 	UNK
moodiness 	UNK
will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious . 	UNK
modest 	UNK
of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies 	UNK
nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and 	UNK
in by the sympathetic characters 	UNK
weighted down with slow , 	UNK
with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard 	UNK
, it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés . 	UNK
, in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music 	UNK
what goes on for the 110 minutes of `` panic room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals . 	UNK
and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle . 	UNK
of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed 	UNK
wanes 	UNK
its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy . 	UNK
one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers . 	UNK
the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them 	UNK
ms. hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate . 	UNK
enough quirky and satirical touches 	UNK
a strong dramatic and emotional pull 	UNK
know better than to rush to the theater for this one 	UNK
's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties 	UNK
fishy 	UNK
capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance 	UNK
give it considerable punch . 	UNK
sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then 	UNK
will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness 	UNK
is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype 	UNK
delight . 	UNK
become dullingly repetitive 	UNK
much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments 	UNK
you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll 	UNK
there are some fairly unsettling scenes 	UNK
the overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude . 	UNK
the best thing i can say about this film 	UNK
a very slow , uneventful 	UNK
fun and funky look 	UNK
the film is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation . 	UNK
spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are . 	UNK
a generous , inspiring film 	UNK
an awful movie 	UNK
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself . 	UNK
of epic adventure 	UNK
could bond while watching a walk to remember . 	UNK
challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means 	UNK
fast-edit , hopped-up fashion 	UNK
, ghastly 	UNK
amusing and unexpectedly insightful 	UNK
the interior lives of the characters in his film 	UNK
's both charming and well 	UNK
downer 	UNK
the goods 	UNK
a trifle 	UNK
one clever line 	UNK
is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 	UNK
if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master 	UNK
've seen some bad singer-turned actors 	UNK
have to admit i walked out of runteldat . 	UNK
is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy 	UNK
new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay 	UNK
its idiocy 	UNK
respect and affection 	UNK
so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside 	UNK
the requisite faux-urban vibe and 	UNK
crowd-pleasing 	UNK
rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world 	UNK
a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence 	UNK
itself , a playful spirit and 	UNK
in an admittedly middling film 	UNK
is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be . 	UNK
low on energy 	UNK
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on . 	UNK
inventive , fun , 	UNK
remarkable achival film 	UNK
comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break . 	UNK
makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs 	UNK
looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus 	UNK
make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad 	UNK
which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog 	UNK
a good video game movie 	UNK
the score is too insistent 	UNK
adam sandler 's 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie . 	UNK
's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own 	UNK
the most poorly staged and lit action in memory 	UNK
of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 	UNK
maintains a cool distance 	UNK
sucks . 	UNK
of despair 	UNK
beware the quirky brit-com . 	UNK
remarkable and memorable film 	UNK
inspires more than an interested detachment 	UNK
if there 's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way . 	UNK
research library dust 	UNK
to leave this loser 	UNK
worth catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance . 	UNK
sad to say 	UNK
the payoff 	UNK
like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel 	UNK
what 's most refreshing about real women have curves 	UNK
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out 	UNK
a bad premise , just a bad movie 	UNK
pleasant piece 	UNK
that for the most part , the film is deadly dull 	UNK
film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure 	UNK
it collapses like an overcooked soufflé . 	UNK
that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself 	UNK
comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions . 	UNK
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story 	UNK
look ill at ease sharing the same scene 	UNK
beguiling serenity and poise 	UNK
( silver 's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around ) 	UNK
paper-thin characterizations 	UNK
immersed in a foreign culture only 	UNK
's definite room for improvement . 	UNK
is n't even a movie 	UNK
those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . 	UNK
truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent 	UNK
their super-powers , their super-simple animation and 	UNK
santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard 	UNK
an elegant work 	UNK
filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim 	UNK
will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one . 	UNK
's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . 	UNK
with crude humor and vulgar innuendo 	UNK
slapdash mess 	UNK
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , 	UNK
what an idea , what a thrill ride 	UNK
foolish and shallow 	UNK
as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today 	UNK
fabulousness 	UNK
the screen like a true star 	UNK
wander about in thick clouds of denial 	UNK
a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula 	UNK
all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate 	UNK
the movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time 	UNK
fatal 	UNK
an avid interest in the subject 	UNK
` a ' list cast 	UNK
rushed to the megaplexes 	UNK
wit and interesting characters 	UNK
a boring man 	UNK
unpersuasive 	UNK
incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture 	UNK
that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself 	UNK
a solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude . 	UNK
made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted 	UNK
and weakly acted 	UNK
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` a walk to remember '' 	UNK
wholly unnecessary addition 	UNK
is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy 	UNK
of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire 	UNK
a good-hearted ensemble comedy 	UNK
that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot 	UNK
affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together . 	UNK
( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass 	UNK
language and locations 	UNK
its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway . 	UNK
memorable zingers 	UNK
death 	UNK
, roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude . 	UNK
phenomenon 	UNK
imbecilic 	UNK
fun cheese puff 	UNK
fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty . 	UNK
's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie . 	UNK
a glass of flat champagne 	UNK
three-hour cinema master class . 	UNK
no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him 	UNK
hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 	UNK
while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media 	UNK
which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant 	UNK
look at that clever angle 	UNK
one problem with the movie 	UNK
stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness . 	UNK
( jeff 's ) gorgeous 	UNK
a personal low for everyone 	UNK
with a certain degree of wit and dignity 	UNK
it 's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia 	UNK
barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull . 	UNK
allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range . 	UNK
give a second look 	UNK
see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices 	UNK
as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season 	UNK
work more than it probably should 	UNK
capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie 	UNK
never rises above superficiality . 	UNK
the movie is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes . 	UNK
some of this laughable dialogue 	UNK
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating 	UNK
being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations 	UNK
mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain 	UNK
nothing about this movie works . 	UNK
make creative contributions to the story and dialogue 	UNK
fun for all 	UNK
is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way 	UNK
is such a mesmerizing one 	UNK
is a far smoother ride . 	UNK
has not spawned a single good film . 	UNK
all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings 	UNK
thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy 	UNK
spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t 	UNK
like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening . 	UNK
it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say 	UNK
did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or 	UNK
gut-wrenching 	UNK
interesting 	UNK
as any hollywood fluff 	UNK
a touching drama 	UNK
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) ... 	UNK
is generally amusing from time 	UNK
wo n't much care about 	UNK
jumps around 	UNK
imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor 	UNK
forgettable , if good-hearted , movie . 	UNK
flavorful 	UNK
very insecure 	UNK
is brilliant , really . 	UNK
plus , like i already mentioned ... it 's robert duvall ! 	UNK
the level of marginal competence 	UNK
mergers and downsizing 	UNK
heartfelt romance 	UNK
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms . 	UNK
they presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes 	UNK
able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn 	UNK
logistically 	UNK
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning 	UNK
a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood . 	UNK
could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent 	UNK
its intended audience has n't yet had much science 	UNK
a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) . 	UNK
listless and 	UNK
approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline 	UNK
fully formed and 	UNK
a few ear-pleasing songs 	UNK
gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways 	UNK
you 'll like promises . 	UNK
, evocative 	UNK
'll probably love it 	UNK
your seat for long stretches 	UNK
angry and 	UNK
viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting 	UNK
a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer 	UNK
community-college advertisement 	UNK
definitely a step in the right direction 	UNK
the delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two 	UNK
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder 	UNK
was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon 	UNK
distasteful 	UNK
uncompromising , difficult 	UNK
has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should . 	UNK
you never know where changing lanes is going to take you 	UNK
dark areas 	UNK
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia . 	UNK
a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli/palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds . 	UNK
weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting 	UNK
since the evil dead 	UNK
whimsical 	UNK
to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year 	UNK
surprisingly buoyant 	UNK
the dark areas of parent-child relationships 	UNK
as ugly as the shabby digital photography 	UNK
astonishingly skillful and moving ... 	UNK
a film with contemporary political resonance 	UNK
a picaresque view 	UNK
the campy results make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated . 	UNK
be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy 	UNK
fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances 	UNK
a documentary to disregard available bias 	UNK
a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds 	UNK
it will warm your heart 	UNK
self-aware , often self-mocking , 	UNK
she-cute 	UNK
's a hellish , numbing experience to watch 	UNK
french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music 	UNK
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation 	UNK
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud 	UNK
a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness 	UNK
will definitely win some hearts 	UNK
was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people 	UNK
more propaganda 	UNK
a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) 	UNK
is funny and looks professional 	UNK
triumphs 	UNK
an ugly , revolting movie . 	UNK
have an intermittently good time 	UNK
letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be . 	UNK
rich , and strange 	UNK
mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned . 	UNK
red lights , a rattling noise 	UNK
comedy 	UNK
are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy . 	UNK
commanding screen presence 	UNK
but thoroughly satisfying entertainment 	UNK
two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears 	UNK
not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker . 	UNK
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film 	UNK
be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) 	UNK
loses its fire 	UNK
any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director jon purdy 's sledgehammer sap . 	UNK
it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that . 	UNK
is clumsy 	UNK
a remake by the numbers 	UNK
but one thing 's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary . 	UNK
's funniest and most likeable movie in years 	UNK
a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale . 	UNK
by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy 	UNK
innovations and 	UNK
the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative 	UNK
than a ` direct-to-video ' release 	UNK
has a real filmmaker 's eye . 	UNK
both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement . 	UNK
, almost generic 	UNK
misogynist 	UNK
with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight 	UNK
a perceptive , good-natured movie . 	UNK
's very much like life itself 	UNK
banal and predictable . 	UNK
had all its vital essence scooped out 	UNK
give a thought to the folks who prepare and 	UNK
combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller 	UNK
most basic 	UNK
more holes than clyde barrow 's car 	UNK
manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun . 	UNK
is more fun than conan the barbarian . 	UNK
wonderful film to bring to imax 	UNK
again and quite cheered at just that 	UNK
the sheer beauty 	UNK
was as superficial 	UNK
uncommonly sincere 	UNK
the casting of von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke . 	UNK
a bonus 	UNK
to paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel , nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato . 	UNK
in enough clever and unexpected 	UNK
emotional force 	UNK
fun and funny in the middle 	UNK
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective 	UNK
` stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight train of a film . ' 	UNK
conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head 	UNK
keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through . 	UNK
to death 	UNK
of every bad action-movie line in history 	UNK
of an ordeal than an amusement 	UNK
an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world 	UNK
the following things are not at all entertaining : 	UNK
an american tragedy 	UNK
child acting 	UNK
squanders as much as it gives out . 	UNK
repressed 	UNK
so convincing 	UNK
it completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art 	UNK
as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us 	UNK
a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions 	UNK
're over 25 	UNK
should be relegated to a dark video store corner 	UNK
rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year 	UNK
nakata 's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects . 	UNK
optimistic 	UNK
an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller . 	UNK
tidal 	UNK
clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ... 	UNK
goldbacher 	UNK
energy , intelligence and verve , 	UNK
finest 	UNK
shaky 	UNK
though jones and snipes are enthralling 	UNK
destruction 	UNK
spirited 	UNK
always entertaining 	UNK
of blaxploitation flicks 	UNK
of a man with unimaginable demons 	UNK
compelling and 	UNK
nothing but an episode of smackdown ! 	UNK
the power of shanghai ghetto 	UNK
delivers on the promise of excitement 	UNK
of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory 	UNK
amused 	UNK
is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk 	UNK
transcends their predicament 	UNK
succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity 	UNK
visual merits 	UNK
vicious and absurd 	UNK
consummate 	UNK
gore for suspense 	UNK
downright transparent 	UNK
that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an 	UNK
audacity 	UNK
potential 	UNK
funnybone 	UNK
lazy tearjerker 	UNK
the year 's most intriguing movie experiences 	UNK
ludicrous 	UNK
this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs 	UNK
is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation 	UNK
full-length classic 	UNK
a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum . 	UNK
grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience 	UNK
enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies 	UNK
sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . 	UNK
more overtly silly dialogue 	UNK
gritty enough 	UNK
a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast 	UNK
has some unnecessary parts 	UNK
it falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose . 	UNK
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy 	UNK
a huge disappointment coming 	UNK
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks 	UNK
both oscar winners , 	UNK
eight legged freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ... 	UNK
at the variety of tones in spielberg 's work 	UNK
is not real 	UNK
with big heart 	UNK
the most creative mayhem 	UNK
it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace 	UNK
to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood 	UNK
charmer 	UNK
long , intricate , star-studded and 	UNK
merely offensive 	UNK
a live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind . 	UNK
the worst movies 	UNK
, the movie is better than you might think . 	UNK
clunky on the screen 	UNK
a look 	UNK
not to be moved by this drama 	UNK
of the worst of the entire franchise 	UNK
this illuminating comedy 	UNK
times uncommonly moving 	UNK
become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair 	UNK
there 's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers . 	UNK
describes this film : honest 	UNK
it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers . 	UNK
the molehill 	UNK
there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see . 	UNK
distinguished film legacy 	UNK
is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle . 	UNK
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither 	UNK
absurdly simplistic picture 	UNK
sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater 	UNK
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys ' direction is clever and insightful . 	UNK
to smash its face in 	UNK
a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale 	UNK
, often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness 	UNK
seems endless 	UNK
fighting off the urge to doze 	UNK
flavors 	UNK
in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment 	UNK
to be the cat 's meow 	UNK
're supposed to shriek 	UNK
there 's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination . 	UNK
the cleverness 	UNK
its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy 	UNK
a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else 	UNK
cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter 	UNK
be cherished 	UNK
the wildly popular vin diesel 	UNK
love , duty and friendship 	UNK
that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything 	UNK
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , 	UNK
a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery 	UNK
stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal 	UNK
moving , if uneven , success 	UNK
undermining the story 's emotional thrust 	UNK
lacks aspirations of social upheaval 	UNK
strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time 	UNK
a complicated hero 	UNK
a mediocre exercise in target demographics 	UNK
ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling . 	UNK
seen it all before in one form or another 	UNK
there are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them . 	UNK
are not to be dismissed . 	UNK
the film falters 	UNK
was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard 	UNK
the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects . 	UNK
of fascinating performances 	UNK
the best advice 	UNK
scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept . 	UNK
overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot 	UNK
an improvement on the first blade 	UNK
moments of breathtaking mystery 	UNK
an inspired portrait 	UNK
high-wattage 	UNK
performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances . 	UNK
this smart 	UNK
there 's ... an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm . 	UNK
a master 	UNK
brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons 	UNK
made nature film and a tribute 	UNK
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time 	UNK
harmed 	UNK
the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone 	UNK
carved their own comfortable niche in the world 	UNK
, worse , 	UNK
there 's ... an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm 	UNK
across as lame and sophomoric 	UNK
a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads 	UNK
thematically 	UNK
reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one . 	UNK
ordinary , pasty lumpen 	UNK
is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart 	UNK
in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . 	UNK
for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains 	UNK
has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll . 	UNK
his ninth decade 	UNK
never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting 	UNK
, duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper . 	UNK
last 15 years 	UNK
treasure 	UNK
in all fairness , i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks . 	UNK
grand a failure 	UNK
completely transfixes the audience . 	UNK
long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr. chicken 	UNK
are a couple of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall 	UNK
intelligence and verve 	UNK
loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion 	UNK
great cinematic polemic 	UNK
sometimes inadequate 	UNK
even a little dated 	UNK
unique culture 	UNK
plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 	UNK
thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign 	UNK
almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of don simpson 	UNK
waste viewers ' time 	UNK
what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story . 	UNK
one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films 	UNK
fails to spark this leaden comedy 	UNK
have come to term an `` ambitious failure 	UNK
is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half . 	UNK
are poorly 	UNK
the ultimate movie experience 	UNK
happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 	UNK
sword-and-sorcery 	UNK
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger . 	UNK
more down-home flavor 	UNK
the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez 	UNK
, imaginative 	UNK
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits 	UNK
many bona fide groaners 	UNK
a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn 	UNK
interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience 	UNK
spectacularly beautiful 	UNK
ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies . 	UNK
to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman 	UNK
( and funnier 	UNK
of a war zone 	UNK
, and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's 	UNK
charismatic and tragically 	UNK
un-bear-able '' project 	UNK
mild hallucinogenic buzz 	UNK
suffocate 	UNK
is ) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits . 	UNK
while not all that bad of a movie , it 's nowhere near as good as the original . 	UNK
among the most pitiful directing 	UNK
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... 	UNK
a rip-roaring comedy action 	UNK
often-hilarious farce 	UNK
contentedly 	UNK
the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences 	UNK
rare trick 	UNK
falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 	UNK
conjured up more coming-of-age stories 	UNK
nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own 	UNK
portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery 	UNK
the scuzzy underbelly 	UNK
see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 	UNK
, we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking 	UNK
thoughtful and unflinching examination 	UNK
( haneke ) steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . 	UNK
beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing . 	UNK
adam sandler 	UNK
an eloquent , reflective and beautifully 	UNK
here is doa . 	UNK
a movie that keeps throwing fastballs 	UNK
yawner 	UNK
of a-list brit actors 	UNK
hiss 	UNK
actors in bad bear suits 	UNK
like a rash 	UNK
it 's loud and boring ; 	UNK
becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if 	UNK
fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing . 	UNK
further sad evidence 	UNK
steven seagal 	UNK
a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy 	UNK
stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece 	UNK
seek and strike just the right tone 	UNK
mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema . 	UNK
is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts 	UNK
rooted in a sincere performance 	UNK
amazingly dopey . 	UNK
an edgy thriller 	UNK
emotionally strong and politically potent piece 	UNK
run-of-the-mill . 	UNK
, this movie is hopeless 	UNK
compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 	UNK
, obnoxious 	UNK
` funny 	UNK
did they not have the nerve to speak up 	UNK
instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash 	UNK
nonconformist 	UNK
behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- but sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance . 	UNK
to decide what annoyed me most about god is great 	UNK
is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films 	UNK
humorless , self-conscious art drivel , 	UNK
is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking . 	UNK
twisted 	UNK
wait to see it then 	UNK
while the film is not entirely successful 	UNK
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand . 	UNK
the adventures of direct-to-video nash 	UNK
interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy 	UNK
artless sytle 	UNK
with a core of decency 	UNK
the film works as well as it does because of the performances . 	UNK
through clever makeup design 	UNK
's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own . 	UNK
blatant and sickening product placement 	UNK
seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags . 	UNK
defiantly and delightfully against the grain 	UNK
full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery 	UNK
part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent 	UNK
best forgotten 	UNK
big bloody chomps 	UNK
rejection by one 's mother 	UNK
although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired . 	UNK
one of the funnier movies in town 	UNK
some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk 	UNK
snared in its own tangled plot 	UNK
honest insight 	UNK
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , 	UNK
delicious and 	UNK
has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama . 	UNK
silver bullets for director neil marshall 's intense freight 	UNK
that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap 	UNK
sweet home alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ... 	UNK
it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . 	UNK
fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society 	UNK
's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him 	UNK
manipulative and contrived 	UNK
coarse , cliched and clunky 	UNK
of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination 	UNK
of sexy intrigue 	UNK
be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience 	UNK
miserable and 	UNK
an intriguing and alluring premise 	UNK
even the hastily and amateurishly 	UNK
spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese 	UNK
the perkiness of witherspoon 	UNK
takes advantage of the fact 	UNK
lost ideal 	UNK
the town has kind of an authentic feel , 	UNK
i also wanted a little alien as a friend ! 	UNK
the film 's lack 	UNK
thrilling movie 	UNK
i do n't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but 	UNK
has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience . 	UNK
is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow 	UNK
with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action 	UNK
crisp framing , edgy camera work , 	UNK
riveting and surprisingly romantic 	UNK
spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion . 	UNK
they 'll probably run out screaming . 	UNK
it 's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look . 	UNK
the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles 	UNK
a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past 	UNK
road to perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing 	UNK
needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese . 	UNK
is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work 	UNK
's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain . 	UNK
a puzzle whose pieces do not fit . 	UNK
gutter 	UNK
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic 	UNK
engage 	UNK
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 	UNK
a downer and a little 	UNK
would n't make trouble every day any better . 	UNK
delivers a powerful commentary 	UNK
proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors 	UNK
decrepit freaks 	UNK
is going to be something really good 	UNK
believe it 	UNK
sweet home alabama certainly wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films . 	UNK
the problematic characters and 	UNK
long for the end 	UNK
be why it works as well as it does 	UNK
like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 . 	UNK
funny and touching 	UNK
a four star performance from kevin kline who unfortunately works with a two star script . 	UNK
is tragically 	UNK
gimmicks 	UNK
lively and engaging examination 	UNK
works so well for the first 89 minutes , 	UNK
rohmer still has a sense of his audience 	UNK
's no real sense of suspense 	UNK
comes together 	UNK
for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future . 	UNK
go where the moment takes them 	UNK
mopes 	UNK
exquisite motion picture 	UNK
darkly funny 	UNK
a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature . 	UNK
rambling and incoherent 	UNK
genre-busting 	UNK
trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards 	UNK
lots of obvious political insights 	UNK
a headline-fresh thriller 	UNK
starts promisingly 	UNK
the two and 	UNK
of lingerie models and bar dancers 	UNK
is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year . 	UNK
would be me : fighting off the urge to doze . 	UNK
a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images 	UNK
down memory lane 	UNK
there 's some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... ( b ) ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman . 	UNK
the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma 	UNK
from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc 	UNK
( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and 	UNK
padding 	UNK
bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it 	UNK
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper . 	UNK
in auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance 	UNK
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich 	UNK
of grief and loss 	UNK
sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams 	UNK
the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic 	UNK
bean drops the ball too many times 	UNK
there , done that , 	UNK
credible and remarkably mature 	UNK
clever and insightful 	UNK
takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights . 	UNK
make this a charmer 	UNK
with his effortless performance 	UNK
have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again 	UNK
laughingly 	UNK
jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 	UNK
give you 	UNK
celebrates the human spirit 	UNK
show to steal 	UNK
is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation 	UNK
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and 	UNK
funny , sweetly adventurous 	UNK
of useless actioners 	UNK
taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and 	UNK
twinkly-eyed 	UNK
all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets 	UNK
this is an interesting movie ! '' 	UNK
's really sad 	UNK
it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries 	UNK
in the new guy , even the bull gets recycled . 	UNK
imagination and authentic christmas spirit 	UNK
vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale 	UNK
hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff . 	UNK
the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- 	UNK
director peter kosminsky 	UNK
hollywood expects people to pay to see it 	UNK
true events 	UNK
a remarkable and novel 	UNK
if tragic ) 	UNK
it 's splash without the jokes . 	UNK
insurance company office 	UNK
feels homogenized and a bit contrived , 	UNK
a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor 	UNK
become expert fighters 	UNK
is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card . 	UNK
runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours 	UNK
shrewd and effective film 	UNK
do in this marvelous film 	UNK
tongue-in-cheek 	UNK
forged in still-raw emotions 	UNK
a lumbering , wheezy drag 	UNK
of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` saving private ryan '' 	UNK
so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . 	UNK
is labored 	UNK
sassy 	UNK
in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil 	UNK
did we really need a remake of `` charade ? '' 	UNK
plastered with one hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults 	UNK
you can taste it , 	UNK
finds its moviegoing pleasures 	UNK
that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly 	UNK
for a film about explosions and death and spies , `` ballistic : ecks vs. sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film . 	UNK
his usual intelligence and subtlety 	UNK
compelling and horrifying 	UNK
say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here 	UNK
an amusing little catch 	UNK
misogyny 	UNK
lacks a sense of dramatic urgency 	UNK
eighth-grader 	UNK
an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys 	UNK
which never reach satisfying conclusions 	UNK
of pure craft and passionate heart 	UNK
gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill . 	UNK
hackneyed , threadbare comic setups 	UNK
dull , dumb and derivative horror 	UNK
keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum 	UNK
a tale full of nuance and character dimension 	UNK
seem disappointing in its generalities 	UNK
had gone in for pastel landscapes . 	UNK
the waste of a good cast 	UNK
need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes ' work 	UNK
's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film 	UNK
headline-fresh thriller 	UNK
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong . 	UNK
this movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is . 	UNK
a part of its grand locations 	UNK
schmaltzy 	UNK
frustrates and captivates 	UNK
oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama 	UNK
it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings 	UNK
brings out the allegory with remarkable skill 	UNK
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship 	UNK
filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy 	UNK
is an accomplished actress 	UNK
bogs down in rhetoric and cliché 	UNK
landmark 	UNK
me want to scream 	UNK
the laughs 	UNK
are both superb 	UNK
is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings 	UNK
it gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good . 	UNK
wholesome 	UNK
uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters 	UNK
fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages . 	UNK
works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing 	UNK
detailed performances 	UNK
but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through . 	UNK
is why i have given it a one-star rating 	UNK
feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... 	UNK
it 's nowhere near as good as the original . 	UNK
stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy 	UNK
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck . 	UNK
just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy . 	UNK
that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well 	UNK
the first fatal attraction 	UNK
party-hearty 	UNK
gates 	UNK
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , 	UNK
struggle 	UNK
of a well-made pizza 	UNK
a heck of a ride 	UNK
a few tasty morsels under your belt 	UNK
a sheer unbridled delight in the way 	UNK
we hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground . 	UNK
eloquent ( meditation ) on death and 	UNK
a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary 	UNK
is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either 	UNK
both leads are up to the task 	UNK
a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions 	UNK
lee 's achievement 	UNK
slow . 	UNK
into the sort of heartache everyone 	UNK
an eventual cult classic 	UNK
suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense 	UNK
it 's sort of in-between 	UNK
, this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing 	UNK
suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer 	UNK
is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven . '' 	UNK
than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry 	UNK
cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 	UNK
feel-good territory 	UNK
it will warm your heart , and i 'm giving it a strong thumbs up 	UNK
` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' 	UNK
much-needed levity 	UNK
this story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone 	UNK
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century 	UNK
's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed . 	UNK
a surprisingly funny movie 	UNK
mediocre one 	UNK
the match that should be used to burn every print of the film 	UNK
a quietly moving 	UNK
need n't waste their time on it 	UNK
observed character piece . 	UNK
is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama 	UNK
an interesting controversy 	UNK
they prove more distressing than suspenseful . 	UNK
hugely entertaining 	UNK
is cloudy , the picture making becalmed . 	UNK
marking the slow , lingering death of imagination 	UNK
dullness 	UNK
a kick 	UNK
ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered 	UNK
unimaginative and 	UNK
one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern 	UNK
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement 	UNK
versace 	UNK
the satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere . 	UNK
quite the career peak 	UNK
worth a look 	UNK
can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one 	UNK
true emotional connection or identification frustratingly 	UNK
you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves 	UNK
educates viewers with words and pictures 	UNK
with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie 	UNK
at how clever it 's being 	UNK
perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable 	UNK
it is instructive 	UNK
bad and baffling 	UNK
high-minded snoozer . 	UNK
one helluva singer 	UNK
comes off as a pale successor . 	UNK
have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it 	UNK
something must have been lost in the translation . 	UNK
with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake . 	UNK
rather less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations . 	UNK
of hollywood fluff 	UNK
mr. caine and mr. fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances . 	UNK
to faith and rainbows 	UNK
fascinating study 	UNK
cheeky 	UNK
so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory 	UNK
an athlete , a movie star 	UNK
championship 	UNK
he 's willing to express his convictions 	UNK
emphasizing 	UNK
itself are little more than routine . 	UNK
that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice 	UNK
terrorists are more evil than ever ! 	UNK
was more melodramatic 	UNK
it ultimately satisfies with its moving story 	UNK
guessing plot and an affectionate 	UNK
a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama 	UNK
admitted egomaniac 	UNK
because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work 	UNK
's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes 	UNK
constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense 	UNK
's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) 	UNK
overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm 	UNK
live up to material 	UNK
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and 	UNK
which makes its message resonate . 	UNK
the film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility . 	UNK
titillating 	UNK
aplenty 	UNK
morally alert 	UNK
richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing 	UNK
what the english call ` too clever by half 	UNK
is to be mesmerised . 	UNK
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here . 	UNK
for all the dolorous trim 	UNK
hell 	UNK
introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers 	UNK
its occasional charms 	UNK
from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona 	UNK
although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage 	UNK
on the soullessness of work 	UNK
glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit 	UNK
, the characters move with grace and panache 	UNK
stifles creativity 	UNK
amusedly 	UNK
repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , 	UNK
comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire 	UNK
been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness 	UNK
kinky fun 	UNK
delight your senses and crash this wedding ! 	UNK
a technical triumph and an extraordinary 	UNK
plot holes 	UNK
is nearly incoherent 	UNK
amy 's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor . 	UNK
too long with too little 	UNK
it 's a pity that ( nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition 	UNK
score points for political correctness 	UNK
the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and 	UNK
gutsy and perfectly 	UNK
, endearing 	UNK
have saved this film a world of hurt 	UNK
what makes barbershop so likable 	UNK
let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists 	UNK
represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy . 	UNK
watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs 	UNK
a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making 	UNK
, what an idea , what a thrill ride . 	UNK
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , 	UNK
one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense . 	UNK
unadorned 	UNK
less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably 	UNK
what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery 	UNK
is one of this year 's very best pictures . 	UNK
is flat 	UNK
pair that with really poor comedic writing 	UNK
by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment 	UNK
far superior 	UNK
almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half 	UNK
enjoyable trifle 	UNK
emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers 	UNK
moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance 	UNK
does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown 's life . 	UNK
it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe 	UNK
unnoticed 	UNK
a movie that 's held 	UNK
smartly and wistfully 	UNK
enervating determination 	UNK
a man has made about women since valley of the dolls 	UNK
little more than a mall movie designed to kill time 	UNK
significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration 	UNK
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle 	UNK
the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting . 	UNK
hugely enjoyable film 	UNK
effort to watch this movie 	UNK
delivering oscar-caliber performances 	UNK
it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast . 	UNK
of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies 	UNK
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase 	UNK
delightful , well-crafted family film 	UNK
with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set 	UNK
the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , 	UNK
and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him . 	UNK
those exceedingly rare films 	UNK
that works 	UNK
topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs 	UNK
a decent tv outing 	UNK
embraces its old-fashioned themes 	UNK
's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten 	UNK
as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- 	UNK
unbearably 	UNK
the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be 	UNK
return to never land is much more p.c. than the original version ( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) , but the excitement is missing . 	UNK
stylistic austerity and forcefulness 	UNK
the most enchanting film of the year 	UNK
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good 	UNK
as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california 	UNK
its need to reassure 	UNK
that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower 	UNK
limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror 	UNK
stunning fusion 	UNK
slight but sweet 	UNK
's packed with just as much intelligence as action 	UNK
charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments 	UNK
cinematic pollution 	UNK
's too loud to shout insults at the screen 	UNK
extremely bad . 	UNK
taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us 	UNK
such a well loved classic 	UNK
, who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline . 	UNK
hard to be mythic 	UNK
's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns . 	UNK
mishandled here 	UNK
above all 	UNK
the awfulness of the movie 	UNK
rises to its clever what-if concept . 	UNK
with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling . 	UNK
a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with 	UNK
there is one word that best describes this film : honest . 	UNK
a weird fizzle 	UNK
superior moral tone 	UNK
have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life 	UNK
to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it 	UNK
utter mush 	UNK
sad , sordid universe 	UNK
best possible senses 	UNK
two marvelously 	UNK
from the demented mind 	UNK
encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale 	UNK
have been a sketch on saturday night live 	UNK
looks neat 	UNK
feels like a prison stretch . 	UNK
like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm 	UNK
a non-stop funny feast 	UNK
, it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice . 	UNK
conceptually brilliant 	UNK
leather pants & 	UNK
candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take 	UNK
wonder of wonders 	UNK
banged their brains into the ground so frequently 	UNK
can easily be considered career-best performances 	UNK
begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully 	UNK
can say 	UNK
good looks 	UNK
you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting . 	UNK
the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen 	UNK
still has a sense of his audience 	UNK
as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise 	UNK
if festival in cannes nails hard - boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing . 	UNK
half-assed 	UNK
the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars 	UNK
than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies 	UNK
a compelling story of musical passion 	UNK
intelligent , caustic 	UNK
for teens to laugh , groan and hiss 	UNK
comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won . 	UNK
ending surprise 	UNK
were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play 	UNK
features a standout performance by diane lane 	UNK
makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted . 	UNK
toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well 	UNK
no big whoop , nothing new to see 	UNK
the rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey . 	UNK
anonymous chiller 	UNK
, indie trick 	UNK
a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank 	UNK
this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot 	UNK
aging , suffering 	UNK
works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently 	UNK
bronze 	UNK
is a fascinating film 	UNK
uninvolving storytelling 	UNK
bordering on confessional 	UNK
of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it 	UNK
his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him 	UNK
effective moments 	UNK
earnest moment 	UNK
you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out 	UNK
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion . 	UNK
spectacular 	UNK
a zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious 	UNK
feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes . 	UNK
an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film 	UNK
somber , absurd , and , finally , 	UNK
also happens to be good 	UNK
what 's infuriating about full frontal is that it 's too close to real life to make sense . 	UNK
if i said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of kung pow 	UNK
sincere acting 	UNK
deep , uncompromising 	UNK
he has no character , loveable or otherwise 	UNK
pretends to be passionate and truthful but 	UNK
a `` home alone '' film that is staged like `` rosemary 's baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films . 	UNK
makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose 	UNK
are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone . 	UNK
eastwood 's loyal fans 	UNK
has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky 	UNK
that upends nearly every cliché 	UNK
a movie with no reason for being 	UNK
the most fluent of actors 	UNK
sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster 	UNK
expert fighters 	UNK
is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . 	UNK
dreary and overwrought 	UNK
the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest 	UNK
feel sanitised and stagey . 	UNK
meandering and pointless 	UNK
a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope 	UNK
the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo 	UNK
enjoyed the thrill of the chill 	UNK
glows 	UNK
splash without the jokes 	UNK
of its gaudy hawaiian shirt 	UNK
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast 	UNK
far more alienating than involving 	UNK
uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks 	UNK
café 	UNK
( a ) strong piece of work 	UNK
a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera 	UNK
sweet and sexy 	UNK
a moving tale 	UNK
that remains vividly in memory long 	UNK
is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film . 	UNK
coming-of-age theme 	UNK
as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics 	UNK
huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people 	UNK
that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing 	UNK
the new film of anton chekhov 's the cherry orchard puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . ' 	UNK
this supposedly funny movie 	UNK
full-bodied 	UNK
it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action 	UNK
writer-director stephen gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half . ' 	UNK
crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy . 	UNK
most enchanting 	UNK
as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets 	UNK
a touching , small-scale story 	UNK
a muddy psychological thriller 	UNK
due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired 	UNK
any real emotional impact 	UNK
seem so real in small doses 	UNK
the best of both worlds 	UNK
an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood 	UNK
captivatingly quirky hybrid 	UNK
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , 	UNK
with a solid cast , 	UNK
weird and wonderful 	UNK
is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture . 	UNK
's not bad prose 	UNK
to capture these musicians in full regalia 	UNK
huge fan 	UNK
a predictable connect-the-dots course 	UNK
` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set 	UNK
faith in the future 	UNK
crap like this 	UNK
complex , 	UNK
flatly 	UNK
the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack 	UNK
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , 	UNK
many talented people 	UNK
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- 	UNK
somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 	UNK
a marvel 	UNK
just unlikable . 	UNK
are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence . 	UNK
of teen-speak and animal gibberish 	UNK
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre . 	UNK
driven by appealing leads 	UNK
the cast is phenomenal , especially the women . 	UNK
`` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section 	UNK
anchoring performance 	UNK
a glorified sitcom , and 	UNK
costner 's 	UNK
quirky , charming and often hilarious 	UNK
mediocrity 	UNK
esoteric 	UNK
the same old silliness 	UNK
yields surprises 	UNK
have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks 	UNK
a terrific screenplay 	UNK
definitely worth 	UNK
capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance . 	UNK
emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds 	UNK
a loathsome movie 	UNK
hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure 	UNK
songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time . 	UNK
dead 	UNK
enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins 	UNK
real-time rhythms 	UNK
elegant , mannered and teasing 	UNK
aggravating 	UNK
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay . 	UNK
unlikeable people 	UNK
of naiveté and sophistication 	UNK
a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life 	UNK
lan yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery . 	UNK
a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... 	UNK
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense 	UNK
's not enough substance here 	UNK
is a hoot 	UNK
to keep things interesting 	UNK
feeble 	UNK
it well worth watching 	UNK
all end in someone screaming 	UNK
... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror . 	UNK
viewed and treasured 	UNK
, surrealistic moments 	UNK
welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor 	UNK
leave you cold 	UNK
that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them 	UNK
overwrought comedy/drama 	UNK
hate ( madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes 	UNK
so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened . 	UNK
distasteful and downright creepy 	UNK
funny documentary 	UNK
deep intelligence 	UNK
a cold blanket 	UNK
the nicest thing 	UNK
you care about the characters 	UNK
more enjoyable than its predecessor . 	UNK
so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style 	UNK
're at the right film 	UNK
an interesting look 	UNK
pulling on heartstrings 	UNK
is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie . 	UNK
true to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus 	UNK
the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction 	UNK
need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is 	UNK
i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry ! 	UNK
oscar-caliber 	UNK
nothing better to do with 94 minutes 	UNK
're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , 	UNK
uninventive 	UNK
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . 	UNK
the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks 	UNK
the hastily and amateurishly 	UNK
becomes a tiresome cliché 	UNK
is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country . 	UNK
distinctive 	UNK
engaging storyline 	UNK
is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen 	UNK
a surgeon mends 	UNK
's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role . 	UNK
a terrific role 	UNK
too many barney videos 	UNK
is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer 	UNK
a flood of emotion 	UNK
the work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way . 	UNK
, with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life . 	UNK
overacted 	UNK
begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters . 	UNK
kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them 	UNK
it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one 	UNK
it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone 	UNK
's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale 	UNK
gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances 	UNK
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe 	UNK
inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids 	UNK
'll cheer 	UNK
typical junkie opera 	UNK
change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies 	UNK
we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses 	UNK
, this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving 	UNK
the stories work and 	UNK
slumming 	UNK
very ambitious 	UNK
scene-chewing 	UNK
amuse even 	UNK
having sucked dry the undead action flick formula 	UNK
more than a bait-and-switch 	UNK
the comic possibilities 	UNK
who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public 	UNK
a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman 's similarly updated 1970 british production . 	UNK
there 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits . 	UNK
to endure instead of enjoy 	UNK
it might deliver again and again 	UNK
enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over 	UNK
guessing plot and 	UNK
cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly 	UNK
lurid 	UNK
... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters . 	UNK
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke 	UNK
from a flat script and a low budget 	UNK
a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . 	UNK
match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try 	UNK
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense 	UNK
glossy melodrama 	UNK
some flashy twists 	UNK
of a great one 	UNK
another classic for the company 	UNK
an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and 	UNK
an artist who is simply tired -- 	UNK
freakish 	UNK
cascade over the screen effortlessly 	UNK
straightforward , emotionally honest 	UNK
with slow pacing 	UNK
'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop 	UNK
a bravura performance 	UNK
discovering your destination in life 	UNK
, it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies . 	UNK
, banter-filled comedy 	UNK
needed . 	UNK
average , at best , i 'm afraid . 	UNK
an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off 	UNK
tiresomely derivative and hammily acted . 	UNK
, political intrigue , partisans and sabotage 	UNK
the performances by harris , phifer and cam ` ron seal the deal 	UNK
want to be jolted out of their gourd 	UNK
directed with purpose and finesse 	UNK
timeless and universal tale 	UNK
stories work 	UNK
through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement 	UNK
the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions . 	UNK
may have been born to make 	UNK
quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , 	UNK
first-timer 	UNK
pubescent 	UNK
staggers 	UNK
fizzle 	UNK
of cliches that the talented cast generally 	UNK
fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough . 	UNK
thoroughly enjoyed themselves 	UNK
feels uncomfortably real , 	UNK
a performance that is masterly 	UNK
has been written so well , that even a simple `` goddammit ! 	UNK
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally 	UNK
it 's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding . 	UNK
then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time 	UNK
is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally . 	UNK
while the third feels limited by its short running time 	UNK
it has its moments 	UNK
it might have held my attention , 	UNK
much worse than bland or 	UNK
solidly constructed , entertaining thriller 	UNK
, pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime . 	UNK
because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world 	UNK
rich details 	UNK
breakdown 	UNK
by an angel simplicity 	UNK
helps create a complex , unpredictable character 	UNK
has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over 	UNK
can only be described as sci-fi generic 	UNK
it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool . 	UNK
that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept 	UNK
you 'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it 	UNK
monumental 	UNK
must go to grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 	UNK
not exaggerated enough 	UNK
interest can not be revived . 	UNK
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : 	UNK
can almost see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good . ' 	UNK
newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood 	UNK
no means a slam-dunk 	UNK
it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style 	UNK
could be so light-hearted ? 	UNK
that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne 	UNK
is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama 	UNK
senseless 	UNK
unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke 	UNK
manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time 	UNK
can feel the love . 	UNK
it 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and 	UNK
has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances . 	UNK
recommend big bad love only 	UNK
the resourceful molly 	UNK
a vile , incoherent mess 	UNK
thoughtful screenplay 	UNK
parental units 	UNK
as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile . 	UNK
invitingly upbeat overture 	UNK
is by far the worst movie of the year 	UNK
is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work 	UNK
hotter-two-years-ago rap and r&b names and references 	UNK
can take the grandkids or the grandparents 	UNK
to the gifted korean american stand-up 	UNK
, it actually hurts to watch . 	UNK
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... 	UNK
not a trace 	UNK
an unendurable viewing experience 	UNK
a more than satisfactory amount of carnage 	UNK
otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés 	UNK
we 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher 	UNK
a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater 	UNK
the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries . 	UNK
few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant . 	UNK
- i also wanted a little alien as a friend ! 	UNK
terrific b movie 	UNK
whole family 	UNK
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , 	UNK
antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it . 	UNK
is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness 	UNK
is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie 	UNK
both times 	UNK
a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind . 	UNK
, fetishistic violence 	UNK
bombshell documentary 	UNK
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together 	UNK
a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire 	UNK
high note 	UNK
the charming result 	UNK
also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 	UNK
toilet humor 	UNK
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play 	UNK
are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . 	UNK
too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations 	UNK
make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and 	UNK
see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original 	UNK
perfect quiet pace 	UNK
with the waldo salt screenwriting award 	UNK
a vivid imagination and an impressive style 	UNK
here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation . 	UNK
's never too late to believe in your dreams . 	UNK
of corny dialogue and preposterous moments 	UNK
needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about 	UNK
it is to be ya-ya 	UNK
is degraded , handheld blair witch video-cam footage . 	UNK
self-deprecating comedy 	UNK
that makes it attractive throughout 	UNK
the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate . 	UNK
wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life 	UNK
's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts 	UNK
is really frustratingly timid and soggy 	UNK
even better than the fellowship 	UNK
in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast 	UNK
by this tired retread 	UNK
a give-me-an-oscar kind 	UNK
is prime escapist fare . 	UNK
first-rate performance 	UNK
sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up 	UNK
, but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too . 	UNK
forget about it by monday 	UNK
weird . 	UNK
both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good 	UNK
is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake . 	UNK
has some of the best special effects ever 	UNK
what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material 	UNK
the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context 	UNK
actually improves upon the original hit movie 	UNK
dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions 	UNK
generally amusing from time 	UNK
lame comedy . 	UNK
a rock-solid gangster movie 	UNK
necessary viewing for sci-fi fans 	UNK
smarter and more unnerving than the sequels 	UNK
grand picture 	UNK
was going to be really awful 	UNK
nicely combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream . ' 	UNK
squanders its beautiful women 	UNK
it is a remarkably original work . 	UNK
childlike smile 	UNK
brave and sweetly 	UNK
no real surprises 	UNK
gangster no. 1 drips 	UNK
sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama 	UNK
a waterlogged version of ` fatal attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set 	UNK
the result is somewhat satisfying 	UNK
directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable 	UNK
, triumphant , 	UNK
a nice album 	UNK
confidently 	UNK
except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes 	UNK
an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do . 	UNK
the script 's endless assault 	UNK
moving experience 	UNK
it can easily worm its way into your heart . ' 	UNK
it 's badder than bad . 	UNK
is an enjoyable big movie 	UNK
, well , funnier . 	UNK
little excitement 	UNK
seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely 	UNK
paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip . 	UNK
it 's definitely a step in the right direction . 	UNK
electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness 	UNK
interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story . 	UNK
wonderful as the long-faced sad sack 	UNK
fun with it 	UNK
twenty-first 	UNK
a genius 	UNK
real situations and characters 	UNK
the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne . 	UNK
light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically . 	UNK
pathetically compare notes about their budding amours 	UNK
the genuinely funny jokes 	UNK
worth sitting through 	UNK
( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) 	UNK
's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs 	UNK
a fascinating little tale 	UNK
skilfully 	UNK
the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation 	UNK
is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson 	UNK
the jokes , most at women 's expense 	UNK
laid back 	UNK
despite modest aspirations 	UNK
you 're a struggling nobody 	UNK
'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away 	UNK
as the mediterranean sparkles , ` swept away ' sinks . 	UNK
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , 	UNK
an unsettling picture 	UNK
is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve 	UNK
opera on film is never satisfactory . 	UNK
uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion 	UNK
a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy 	UNK
one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages 	UNK
very compelling tale 	UNK
distasteful and 	UNK
it 's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed 	UNK
's really so appealing about the characters 	UNK
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock 	UNK
russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement 	UNK
about existential suffering 	UNK
, it will be well worth your time . 	UNK
the land 	UNK
might actually want to watch 	UNK
it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy 	UNK
no affinity 	UNK
of charm 	UNK
mesmerize , astonish and entertain 	UNK
is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents 	UNK
nijinsky says , ' i know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too . 	UNK
the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank . 	UNK
to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits 	UNK
begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining 	UNK
sometimes exceptional film 	UNK
clarity and 	UNK
mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest the mummy returns . 	UNK
laughter and self-exploitation 	UNK
mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . 	UNK
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : 	UNK
disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and 	UNK
exceptionally dreary and overwrought 	UNK
a coming-of-age tale 	UNK
, vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work . 	UNK
maintains an appealing veneer 	UNK
because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags . 	UNK
had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine 	UNK
interesting in unfaithful 	UNK
is such a sweet and sexy film 	UNK
probably one of the best since the last waltz 	UNK
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold 	UNK
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine . 	UNK
it feels like a glossy rehash . 	UNK
exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama 	UNK
the movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie . 	UNK
re-fried green tomatoes 	UNK
keep the story compelling 	UNK
feeling this movie 	UNK
overexposed waste 	UNK
demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself 	UNK
is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once 	UNK
far more stylish and 	UNK
's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work . 	UNK
while it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own . 	UNK
, unimaginative and derivative 	UNK
most disappointing woody allen movie 	UNK
a poignant comedy that offers food for 	UNK
is like binging on cotton candy 	UNK
's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen 	UNK
to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit . 	UNK
milder is n't better 	UNK
they could n't have done in half an hour 	UNK
exploiting it yourself 	UNK
an amateurish screenplay 	UNK
point and purpose 	UNK
leave you wanting more , 	UNK
moaning about their cruel fate 	UNK
melancholy 	UNK
there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . 	UNK
stale and 	UNK
sorority boys is a bowser . 	UNK
there 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening 	UNK
the plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours . 	UNK
would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment 	UNK
violated 	UNK
the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side 	UNK
stirs us as well 	UNK
smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary 	UNK
the pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie . 	UNK
born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues 	UNK
de niro 's right-hand goombah 	UNK
right choice 	UNK
are remarkable 	UNK
marshall keeps the energy humming , 	UNK
bad bear suits 	UNK
to whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films 	UNK
come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron . 	UNK
there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes 	UNK
the three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling 	UNK
seriously , folks , it does n't work . 	UNK
stunning technical achievement 	UNK
it plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting . 	UNK
the brim with ideas 	UNK
iles 	UNK
some charm and heart 	UNK
there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why 	UNK
contrived plot points 	UNK
awakening and 	UNK
, mr. schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist . 	UNK
deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery 	UNK
is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own 	UNK
a strength 	UNK
that appeals to me 	UNK
naive dreams 	UNK
a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated . 	UNK
about an adult male dressed in pink jammies 	UNK
, laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . 	UNK
shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema 	UNK
though harris is affecting at times , he can not overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities . 	UNK
little wit 	UNK
, his secret life will leave you thinking 	UNK
the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history 	UNK
at its laziest 	UNK
its worst harangues 	UNK
miracles , 	UNK
a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets . 	UNK
nothing short of refreshing 	UNK
there 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here . 	UNK
be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world 	UNK
see all summer 	UNK
as scary-funny as tremors 	UNK
a captivatingly quirky hybrid 	UNK
a wonderful film to bring to imax 	UNK
an intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch . 	UNK
both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics . 	UNK
gibberish 	UNK
you find comfort in familiarity 	UNK
rises above the level of a telanovela . 	UNK
naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it . 	UNK
, however entertainingly presented , 	UNK
a sour attempt 	UNK
astounds . 	UNK
point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets . 	UNK
its perfunctory conclusion 	UNK
engage and even touch us 	UNK
loved classic 	UNK
transformed star 	UNK
employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british . 	UNK
from a sharper , cleaner script 	UNK
find it baffling 	UNK
by now intolerable morbidity 	UNK
of a director enjoying himself immensely 	UNK
in a dysfunctional family 	UNK
shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , 	UNK
feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form . 	UNK
farts , urine , 	UNK
the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role . 	UNK
unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge . 	UNK
my advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack . 	UNK
greatest 	UNK
idiotic and ugly 	UNK
utterly transcend gender 	UNK
cinema fans 	UNK
where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy 	UNK
talented performers 	UNK
does n't make sense 	UNK
some unnecessary parts 	UNK
is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying . 	UNK
would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated 	UNK
the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role 	UNK
hooks us 	UNK
, nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato . 	UNK
more accurate than anything 	UNK
has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side 	UNK
no organic intrigue 	UNK
tardier 	UNK
short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight ... tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations . 	UNK
grab you 	UNK
of entertainment that parents love to have their kids 	UNK
slight and uninventive 	UNK
'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper 	UNK
hedonistic creativity 	UNK
benefit enormously 	UNK
, i hate it . 	UNK
high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor 	UNK
the performances are worthwhile . 	UNK
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie 	UNK
unsurprisingly 	UNK
see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi 	UNK
irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , 	UNK
try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags . 	UNK
ripe recipe , inspiring 	UNK
there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better 	UNK
the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers 	UNK
visual splendor that can be seen in other films 	UNK
the densest distillation of roberts ' movies ever made . 	UNK
love it ... hell , i dunno . 	UNK
that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm 	UNK
insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing 	UNK
solid , satisfying fare for adults 	UNK
is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude . 	UNK
a wish your heart makes 	UNK
totalitarian 	UNK
in a shabby script 	UNK
of abuse 	UNK
renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance . 	UNK
a seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level . 	UNK
are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life . 	UNK
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , 	UNK
reggio and glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby . 	UNK
lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire 	UNK
probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis 	UNK
stifling morality tale 	UNK
been slimed in the name of high art 	UNK
it happens to flat characters 	UNK
the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists 	UNK
that really tells the tale 	UNK
oscar-worthy 	UNK
for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity 	UNK
it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days . 	UNK
interesting storytelling devices 	UNK
much to it 	UNK
cliche pileup 	UNK
coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather 	UNK
the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story 	UNK
is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else 	UNK
trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` what if ? ' 	UNK
a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this 	UNK
its originality 	UNK
realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty 	UNK
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie 	UNK
you can taste it , but there 's no fizz . 	UNK
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching . 	UNK
patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks 	UNK
the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness 	UNK
is something of a triumph 	UNK
is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip 	UNK
lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , 	UNK
who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting 	UNK
a half dozen 	UNK
expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women 	UNK
thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering 	UNK
abridged edition 	UNK
your entertainment standards 	UNK
finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise 	UNK
of genuine insight into the urban heart 	UNK
the film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer . 	UNK
is a fascinating little tale 	UNK
anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	UNK
doze off for a few minutes 	UNK
good news to anyone 	UNK
murder by numbers just does n't add up . 	UNK
as delicately calibrated in tone 	UNK
the bullseye 	UNK
is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance . 	UNK
may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear . 	UNK
its real emotional business 	UNK
dull effects 	UNK
washington demands and receives excellent performances 	UNK
the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well . 	UNK
humor and lightness 	UNK
provide an emotional edge 	UNK
, the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely . 	UNK
find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) 	UNK
's not a bad premise , just a bad movie . 	UNK
in entertaining 	UNK
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller . 	UNK
can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it . 	UNK
its gentle , touching story 	UNK
assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off 	UNK
sweet spirit 	UNK
where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences 	UNK
is just lazy writing 	UNK
an entirely stale concept 	UNK
a self-reflexive , philosophical nature 	UNK
the outstanding soundtrack 	UNK
sharp script 	UNK
has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now . 	UNK
particularly funny 	UNK
can overcome bad hair design 	UNK
will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy 	UNK
the head of the class of women 's films 	UNK
naturally funny 	UNK
it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick 	UNK
awed 	UNK
how i killed my father compelling 	UNK
apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 	UNK
i know i should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old . 	UNK
relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs . 	UNK
misconstrued 	UNK
ms. seigner and mr. serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters . 	UNK
suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers 	UNK
is icily brilliant 	UNK
just might turn on many people to opera , in general 	UNK
, are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it 	UNK
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and 	UNK
cheap , 	UNK
a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies 	UNK
is a hoot , and 	UNK
be called the best korean film of 2002 	UNK
to match the ordeal of sitting through it 	UNK
grossly 	UNK
is haunting ... ( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction . 	UNK
to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism 	UNK
the dull effects 	UNK
too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly 	UNK
has rewards 	UNK
be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot 	UNK
created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history 	UNK
there is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights . 	UNK
fascinating connections 	UNK
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe 	UNK
time out 	UNK
that the answer is as conventional as can be 	UNK
foul-natured 	UNK
an almost unbearably morbid 	UNK
while i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one 	UNK
a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle 	UNK
is icily brilliant . 	UNK
as a well-made evocation 	UNK
works beautifully as a movie 	UNK
a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie . 	UNK
numbing experience to watch 	UNK
original character , siuation or joke 	UNK
is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday . 	UNK
is ultimately quite unengaging . 	UNK
steven shainberg 's adaptation 	UNK
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman . 	UNK
well-characterized 	UNK
this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook . 	UNK
a pleasure to watch 	UNK
more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing 	UNK
the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families 	UNK
a triumph 	UNK
slash-fest 	UNK
a boring man , 	UNK
it does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received 	UNK
a new , self-deprecating level 	UNK
esteemed writer-actor 	UNK
a spotty script 	UNK
captivated 	UNK
phony 	UNK
scherfig 's light-hearted profile 	UNK
is wonderful . 	UNK
moments of promise 	UNK
slow down 	UNK
, despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , 	UNK
deft comic timing 	UNK
is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body 	UNK
poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines 	UNK
cast is painful to watch 	UNK
, we 'd prefer a simple misfire . 	UNK
seems to elicit a chuckle 	UNK
by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in 	UNK
a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes 	UNK
is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else . 	UNK
, unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it 	UNK
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart 	UNK
stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 	UNK
smash its face in 	UNK
's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films 	UNK
there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door . 	UNK
plays like a bad soap opera , 	UNK
captures the raw comic energy of one 	UNK
unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke . 	UNK
hilarious writer-director himself 	UNK
laugh-out-loud lines , 	UNK
their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , 	UNK
top-notch action powers 	UNK
breaking new ground 	UNK
sensitive ensemble performances and 	UNK
throughout , mr. audiard 's direction is fluid and quick . 	UNK
a beautiful paean 	UNK
his rental car 	UNK
despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable 	UNK
racial tension 	UNK
lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless 	UNK
you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget . 	UNK
thinking about going to see this movie 	UNK
woody allen has really found his groove these days . 	UNK
more than recycled jock 	UNK
by the final whistle you 're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic . 	UNK
our dismay 	UNK
you do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , 	UNK
elegant technology for the masses 	UNK
peppering this urban study with references to norwegian folktales , villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical . 	UNK
a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze . 	UNK
's not nearly enough 	UNK
scoring 	UNK
has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest 	UNK
blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden . 	UNK
reap more rewards 	UNK
it 's not very well shot or composed or edited 	UNK
dumb and 	UNK
authentic christmas spirit 	UNK
's exactly the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making 	UNK
most savory and hilarious 	UNK
a celebrated wonder 	UNK
keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart 	UNK
the free-wheeling noir spirit 	UNK
delight 	UNK
rip-roaring comedy action 	UNK
populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who 	UNK
it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out . 	UNK
multi-character story 	UNK
a workable primer 	UNK
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , 	UNK
slob 	UNK
keeping the picture compelling 	UNK
too busy 	UNK
a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery 	UNK
this is as lax and limp a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material . 	UNK
try to avoid 	UNK
so impersonal 	UNK
has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of evans ' saga of hollywood excess 	UNK
has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics 	UNK
there is plenty of room for editing , and 	UNK
this year 's razzie 	UNK
even more to think about after the final frame 	UNK
mature 	UNK
isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries . 	UNK
properly spooky film 	UNK
new favorite musical 	UNK
how families can offer either despair or consolation 	UNK
appealing couple 	UNK
surprised 	UNK
that believing in something does matter 	UNK
cinematic punishment 	UNK
truly egregious 	UNK
all the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject . 	UNK
parents beware ; 	UNK
the opposite of a truly magical movie 	UNK
shine through the gloomy film noir veil 	UNK
frantic 	UNK
liked it much better 	UNK
there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups . 	UNK
the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks 	UNK
it 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie 	UNK
exceptionally 	UNK
glucose sentimentality and 	UNK
film lapses 	UNK
most jaded 	UNK
bad and baffling from the get-go 	UNK
it 's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul 	UNK
howlingly trashy time 	UNK
's nowhere near as exciting as either 	UNK
have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , 	UNK
rather thin moral 	UNK
splendid 	UNK
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece 	UNK
that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material 	UNK
it 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical . 	UNK
scare the pants off you 	UNK
like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) 	UNK
tackling what seems like done-to-death material 	UNK
is a really special walk in the woods . 	UNK
spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units . 	UNK
terminally cute drama 	UNK
nuanced look 	UNK
druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors 	UNK
truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film 	UNK
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily 	UNK
even though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his 	UNK
, the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . 	UNK
falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject 	UNK
richard pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but 	UNK
is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure 	UNK
teeny-bopper 	UNK
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , 	UNK
you wo n't like looking at it 	UNK
's work as well as a remarkably faithful one 	UNK
classic satire 	UNK
the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure 	UNK
a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry . 	UNK
its decrepit freaks 	UNK
pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings 	UNK
as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes 	UNK
have a great time 	UNK
a torrent 	UNK
darling band wilco 	UNK
an important movie , 	UNK
( the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but 	UNK
the plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling . 	UNK
vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler 's reigen 	UNK
is frequently amusing 	UNK
who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another 	UNK
many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . 	UNK
wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself . 	UNK
a superficial way , while never sure 	UNK
ambition 	UNK
that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh 	UNK
for controversy 	UNK
impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies . 	UNK
prolonged extrusion 	UNK
the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching . 	UNK
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but 	UNK
interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions 	UNK
to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today 	UNK
some episodes work , some do n't . 	UNK
is a cinematic misdemeanor 	UNK
about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay 	UNK
memories and one fantastic visual trope 	UNK
this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer . 	UNK
is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy 	UNK
for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all 	UNK
mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute 	UNK
are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros 	UNK
love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness 	UNK
what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast 	UNK
a bad taste 	UNK
by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 	UNK
families and church meetings 	UNK
deserves an oscar nomination 	UNK
lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency 	UNK
you find yourself praying for a quick resolution 	UNK
its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades 	UNK
able to forgive its mean-spirited second half 	UNK
is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice 	UNK
that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline 	UNK
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered 	UNK
is your film . 	UNK
is a disarmingly lived-in movie 	UNK
amusement 	UNK
who loves both dance and cinema 	UNK
eloquent , deeply felt meditation 	UNK
suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh 	UNK
fairly slow 	UNK
without ever being self-important 	UNK
( janey ) forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies . 	UNK
a bad movie , 	UNK
followed by the bad idea 	UNK
the film 's ending has a `` what was it all for 	UNK
piss on trees , b.s. one another 	UNK
another unoriginal run 	UNK
stolid remake 	UNK
smug and cartoonish 	UNK
is a likable story , told with competence . 	UNK
a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman 	UNK
an exhausted , desiccated talent 	UNK
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and 	UNK
be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated 	UNK
to the edge of your seat 	UNK
is n't funny 	UNK
tabloid 	UNK
unfunny and unoriginal mess 	UNK
with a lower i.q. than when i had entered 	UNK
we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is 	UNK
windshield 	UNK
self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy 	UNK
how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence 	UNK
lurid and less than lucid work 	UNK
feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective 	UNK
hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny . 	UNK
sordid to function as comedy 	UNK
money-grubbing 	UNK
the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically 	UNK
gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day 	UNK
sets out to entertain 	UNK
terrifically 	UNK
this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth . 	UNK
aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one . 	UNK
bores 	UNK
stirs the emotions 	UNK
will turn bill paxton into an a-list director 	UNK
had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost 	UNK
extremely imaginative through out 	UNK
the urbane sweetness 	UNK
charming but slight tale 	UNK
is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it 	UNK
fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd 	UNK
a straight-ahead thriller that 	UNK
there 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence 	UNK
they engage and even touch us 	UNK
can trust 	UNK
misogynist evil 	UNK
into melancholia 	UNK
academy award 	UNK
there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life 	UNK
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , 	UNK
revels in its own simplicity 	UNK
cheering 	UNK
title performance 	UNK
the dark visions already relayed by superb 	UNK
that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos 	UNK
an awkwardly garish showcase 	UNK
wanting more 	UNK
holds up well after two decades 	UNK
is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm 	UNK
the kind of movie toback 's detractors always accuse him of making 	UNK
good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make paid in full worth seeing . 	UNK
to be favorably compared to das boot 	UNK
more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline 	UNK
a tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with . 	UNK
what 's so striking about jolie 's performance 	UNK
an amicable endeavor 	UNK
could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one 	UNK
good deal funnier 	UNK
animation back 30 years 	UNK
in the murk of its own making 	UNK
free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen 	UNK
this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking 	UNK
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- 	UNK
really long , slow and dreary time 	UNK
10-course banquet 	UNK
skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source . 	UNK
where the film falters is in its tone . 	UNK
is a successful one 	UNK
several of steven soderbergh 's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist . 	UNK
a monopoly on mindless action 	UNK
's just not very smart . 	UNK
the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings . 	UNK
pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , 	UNK
this wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer . 	UNK
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks 	UNK
to have bitterly forsaken 	UNK
that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy 	UNK
thoughtful without having much dramatic impact 	UNK
as he creates 	UNK
gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel 	UNK
a fascinating character 's story 	UNK
could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls 	UNK
xxx 	UNK
enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary 	UNK
give performances of exceptional honesty 	UNK
than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level 	UNK
expects something special but instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash . 	UNK
by that measure , it is a failure . 	UNK
because relatively nothing happens 	UNK
slightly humorous and tender 	UNK
unimaginatively 	UNK
for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works 	UNK
there 's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together . 	UNK
demented 	UNK
falls apart 	UNK
humorless , 	UNK
holds you in rapt attention 	UNK
resuscitate 	UNK
bottom-rung 	UNK
bold by studio standards 	UNK
do n't come off 	UNK
are great rewards 	UNK
that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor 	UNK
neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm . 	UNK
funniest and most likeable movie 	UNK
confidently orchestrated 	UNK
because it made him feel powerful 	UNK
a thoughtful movie 	UNK
crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings 	UNK
creativity 	UNK
it 's just as wonderful on the big screen . 	UNK
a very funny , heartwarming film 	UNK
its extremely languorous rhythms , 	UNK
find much fascination in the swinging 	UNK
convincing characters 	UNK
scalds like acid 	UNK
the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the elements that will grab you . 	UNK
a colorful , joyous celebration 	UNK
dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect 	UNK
i will be . 	UNK
love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history 	UNK
poorly staged 	UNK
are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls 	UNK
you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser . 	UNK
downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message . 	UNK
important and exhilarating 	UNK
dignified ceo 	UNK
enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , 	UNK
you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe 	UNK
elegant technology for the masses -- 	UNK
a sermon for most of its running time 	UNK
rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle 	UNK
's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor 	UNK
watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel 	UNK
resident 	UNK
have put together a bold biographical fantasia . 	UNK
halfway through this picture i was beginning to hate it , 	UNK
, the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover . 	UNK
leaving you 	UNK
ludicrous , but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining . 	UNK
ke 	UNK
stereotypes in good fun , 	UNK
( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic 	UNK
are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones 	UNK
the script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters . 	UNK
a little too smugly 	UNK
high-concept 	UNK
everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david 's point of view 	UNK
inviting 	UNK
been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again 	UNK
an exhilarating 	UNK
the observations of this social/economic/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony . 	UNK
to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists 	UNK
is a heartfelt story 	UNK
it has a bigger-name cast 	UNK
, heartfelt 	UNK
as its own most damning censure 	UNK
enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	UNK
for those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new star wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one . 	UNK
a low-budget hybrid of scarface 	UNK
best achievements 	UNK
most delightful moments 	UNK
flick that scalds like acid 	UNK
with a sure and measured hand 	UNK
a ridiculous wig 	UNK
liking 	UNK
as steamy as last week 's pork dumplings . 	UNK
no level whatsoever 	UNK
, it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work . 	UNK
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore . ' 	UNK
does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen 	UNK
only masochistic moviegoers 	UNK
is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius 	UNK
could be considered a funny little film 	UNK
too much power , not enough puff 	UNK
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers 	UNK
seeing things from new sides 	UNK
, but i suspect it might deliver again and again 	UNK
the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion 	UNK
are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry . 	UNK
those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief 	UNK
do not fit 	UNK
elegantly balanced movie 	UNK
mushy , existential exploration 	UNK
the sheer ugliness 	UNK
illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in 	UNK
puts wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers . 	UNK
the gorgeous locales 	UNK
ended so damned 	UNK
a reasonably good time with the salton sea 	UNK
the sexuality 	UNK
a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise . 	UNK
thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film 	UNK
executed it takes your breath away . 	UNK
crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy . 	UNK
a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something 	UNK
negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking . 	UNK
this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all . 	UNK
its extraordinary intelligence and originality 	UNK
an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers . 	UNK
with solid performances and eerie atmosphere 	UNK
considerable wit 	UNK
crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best 	UNK
elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy 	UNK
able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle 	UNK
surprising , subtle turn 	UNK
this tale has been told and retold 	UNK
the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history 	UNK
may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults 	UNK
entirely stale 	UNK
joyous occasion 	UNK
quirky , fun , popcorn movies 	UNK
the worthy successor to a better tomorrow 	UNK
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right . 	UNK
from sharing the awe in which it holds itself 	UNK
witty and beneath 	UNK
for godard 	UNK
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race 	UNK
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess . 	UNK
an alluring backdrop 	UNK
gets a lot of flavor and spice 	UNK
compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air 	UNK
the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over 	UNK
whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway 	UNK
it picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film . 	UNK
very bad scouse accents 	UNK
the tedium 	UNK
insightful moments 	UNK
than the very sluggish pace 	UNK
is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy 	UNK
an incredibly irritating comedy 	UNK
to see who can out-bad-act the other 	UNK
have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury 	UNK
unexpected comedy 	UNK
the best part about `` gangs '' was daniel day-lewis . 	UNK
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes , 	UNK
mention `` solaris '' five years from now and 	UNK
made him a truly larger-than-life character 	UNK
human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film 	UNK
's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend 	UNK
business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen 	UNK
's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit 	UNK
the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness 	UNK
powerful direction 	UNK
on an irresistible , languid romanticism 	UNK
funny thrill 	UNK
tasteful , intelligent manner 	UNK
abrasive 	UNK
lead actress andie macdowell 	UNK
an interesting topic , 	UNK
rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword 	UNK
most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version 	UNK
groan and hiss 	UNK
felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting 	UNK
the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced 	UNK
best part 	UNK
feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing 	UNK
are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching 	UNK
a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations . 	UNK
simple message 	UNK
, stupid 	UNK
a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee 	UNK
woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to do n't look back . 	UNK
more damning 	UNK
slow , predictable 	UNK
amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances . 	UNK
are such a companionable couple 	UNK
jolly 	UNK
entertaining itself 	UNK
a stunning new young talent 	UNK
the intoxicating fumes 	UNK
as funny 	UNK
wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair 	UNK
the crisp clarity of a fall dawn 	UNK
sensation 	UNK
presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future 	UNK
being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 	UNK
female empowerment 	UNK
throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr. chicken . 	UNK
in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon 	UNK
a listless climb down the social ladder 	UNK
has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran . ' 	UNK
makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering 	UNK
contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing . 	UNK
has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate 	UNK
tnt 	UNK
minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy 	UNK
has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics . 	UNK
anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold 	UNK
in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets 	UNK
there 's no real sense of suspense , 	UNK
the emotional heart 	UNK
under its own thinness 	UNK
's coherent 	UNK
is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price 	UNK
erratic career 	UNK
visual gags 	UNK
bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star 	UNK
labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other . 	UNK
that matters 	UNK
is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey . 	UNK
the experience of staring at a blank screen 	UNK
a good match of the sensibilities of two directors 	UNK
little $ 1.8 million charmer 	UNK
is polanski 's best film . 	UNK
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies 	UNK
, i did n't care . 	UNK
too loud and 	UNK
most battered women 	UNK
appears not to have been edited at all 	UNK
an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting . 	UNK
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and 	UNK
extensive post-production 	UNK
screen been so aggressively anti-erotic 	UNK
worthwhile 	UNK
is elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world . 	UNK
to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie 	UNK
it 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems . 	UNK
or worth rooting against , for that matter 	UNK
to get a coherent rhythm going 	UNK
far bigger , far more meaningful story 	UNK
as pleasantly 	UNK
feminist empowerment tale thinly 	UNK
you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century 	UNK
simple misfire 	UNK
a striking new significance for anyone 	UNK
just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap 	UNK
the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength 	UNK
as sharp as the original 	UNK
by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject . 	UNK
a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling 	UNK
, naturally dramatic 	UNK
so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart 	UNK
berling and béart ... continue to impress , and isabelle huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters . 	UNK
as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is 	UNK
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is 	UNK
leaves you wanting more 	UNK
from this unimaginative comedian 	UNK
quasi-documentary 	UNK
very capable nailbiter 	UNK
repetitive and ragged 	UNK
ferrara 's strongest and most touching movie of recent years . 	UNK
` swept away ' 	UNK
the canadian 's inane ramblings 	UNK
although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming 	UNK
humane and important 	UNK
engaging as it is revealing 	UNK
beautifully 	UNK
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , 	UNK
is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull 	UNK
an all-around good time 	UNK
in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment 	UNK
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach ` ke burstein and his family , 	UNK
instantly disposable 	UNK
the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being 	UNK
is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches 	UNK
reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style . 	UNK
despite the efforts of a first-rate cast 	UNK
it thankfully goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that ( jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice . 	UNK
to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting 	UNK
establishes a wonderfully creepy mood . 	UNK
that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks 	UNK
beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors 	UNK
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact . 	UNK
has some of the best special effects 	UNK
that relies on more than special effects 	UNK
devoid of pleasure or sensuality 	UNK
i see this piece of crap again 	UNK
it 's pretty stupid . 	UNK
the film 's winning tone 	UNK
is a disaster , 	UNK
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged 	UNK
has worked wonders with the material . 	UNK
they kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book . 	UNK
far funnier 	UNK
by working girl scribe kevin wade 	UNK
inexpressible 	UNK
skilled 	UNK
any working class community 	UNK
gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good . 	UNK
store for unwary viewers 	UNK
if you like peace , you 'll like promises . 	UNK
the wonder of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing . 	UNK
solo 	UNK
going where no man has gone before 	UNK
weak payoff 	UNK
as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious 	UNK
old enough to have developed some taste 	UNK
the film 's reach exceeds its grasp 	UNK
serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the bollywood films . 	UNK
the movie 's seams may show ... 	UNK
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving 	UNK
endure instead of 	UNK
a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it 	UNK
american instigator michael moore 's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition . 	UNK
being boring 	UNK
between the fantastic and the believable 	UNK
unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car 	UNK
's the very definition of epic adventure 	UNK
can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off 	UNK
captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower 	UNK
sweetly adventurous 	UNK
deftly entertaining film 	UNK
appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about . 	UNK
edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 	UNK
watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through . 	UNK
all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another 	UNK
becomes unwatchable 	UNK
( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and 	UNK
hip hop fantasy 	UNK
a minimalist beauty and 	UNK
the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ; 	UNK
goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but 	UNK
direction and complete lack 	UNK
might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service 	UNK
a mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia 	UNK
a frustrating misfire 	UNK
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` 	UNK
commander-in-chief 	UNK
a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna . 	UNK
smartest 	UNK
there 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery . 	UNK
weepy 	UNK
ode to tackling life 's wonderment 	UNK
becomes predictably conventional . 	UNK
miller , kuras and the actresses 	UNK
first-class 	UNK
shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams 	UNK
have a new favorite musical 	UNK
that is dark 	UNK
's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style . 	UNK
's as entertaining 	UNK
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents 	UNK
is cool . 	UNK
grows thin 	UNK
the absurdities and inconsistencies 	UNK
farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except 	UNK
and he allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range . 	UNK
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and 	UNK
be baffled 	UNK
the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) 	UNK
is of overwhelming waste 	UNK
schütte 's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close . 	UNK
very distinctive 	UNK
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , 	UNK
're in for a painful ride . 	UNK
fairly parochial melodrama 	UNK
a little weak 	UNK
overcomes its visual hideousness 	UNK
endearing 	UNK
a cheat in the end 	UNK
undercut 	UNK
whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action 	UNK
many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , 	UNK
philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess . 	UNK
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , but 	UNK
maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score 	UNK
of the masterful british actor ian holm 	UNK
well-made and 	UNK
great over-the-top 	UNK
thought-provoking 	UNK
uncharted depths 	UNK
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history . 	UNK
our respect 	UNK
the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey 	UNK
in this summer 's new action film 	UNK
his is an interesting character 	UNK
with unlikable , spiteful idiots 	UNK
although purportedly a study in modern alienation 	UNK
the movie landscape 	UNK
's fairly lame , 	UNK
a ripping good yarn 	UNK
smart and complicated 	UNK
is less compelling than the circumstances of its making 	UNK
dead-undead genre 	UNK
ache 	UNK
the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women 	UNK
trapped wo n't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness . 	UNK
an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets . 	UNK
informative and 	UNK
these guys ' superhuman capacity 	UNK
fearlessness 	UNK
surprisingly anemic disappointment 	UNK
jaw-droppingly superficial 	UNK
proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business 	UNK
they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot 	UNK
wildcard 	UNK
continue to impress 	UNK
woo 	UNK
deliberately and devotedly constructed 	UNK
, you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party . 	UNK
an inexplicable nightmare 	UNK
could very well clinch him this year 's razzie 	UNK
the six-time winner 	UNK
a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing 	UNK
tries for more . 	UNK
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement . 	UNK
with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story 	UNK
light enough 	UNK
in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate 	UNK
's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness 	UNK
at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema 	UNK
showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again . 	UNK
just the right tone 	UNK
god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . 	UNK
pretty damned wonderful 	UNK
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , 	UNK
even the corniest and most hackneyed 	UNK
's not too much of anything 	UNK
implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying 	UNK
hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary 	UNK
liveliness 	UNK
show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations 	UNK
a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire 	UNK
peaked about three years ago 	UNK
like 	UNK
it 's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience . 	UNK
try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , 	UNK
potentially interesting idea 	UNK
shoot something on crummy-looking videotape 	UNK
two fatal ailments -- 	UNK
dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell . 	UNK
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure 	UNK
safe as a children 's film 	UNK
highlighted 	UNK
dull , somnambulant exercise 	UNK
the ridiculous dialog or 	UNK
intimate and panoramic . 	UNK
'll only put you to sleep 	UNK
sentimental cliches 	UNK
, despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste 	UNK
resorts to easy feel-good sentiments 	UNK
shining star 	UNK
does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past 	UNK
the director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut . 	UNK
ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences 	UNK
stupid sequel 	UNK
recreating it an in an african idiom 	UNK
nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : 	UNK
even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy 	UNK
been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos 	UNK
a great story 	UNK
guilty-pleasure 	UNK
a markedly inactive film , city 	UNK
somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks . 	UNK
to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish 	UNK
has its faults 	UNK
despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun . 	UNK
smart and newfangled 	UNK
loneliness 	UNK
get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized . 	UNK
asset 	UNK
a very sincere work 	UNK
an impressive job 	UNK
bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma . 	UNK
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but 	UNK
come to earth 	UNK
wasting away inside unnecessary films 	UNK
, it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films . 	UNK
ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego 	UNK
you leaving the theater with a smile on your face 	UNK
a warm and well-told tale 	UNK
failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness 	UNK
it 's impossible to care 	UNK
graceless and ugly 	UNK
ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material 	UNK
has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes 	UNK
of the all-time great apocalypse movies 	UNK
fairly solid -- not to mention 	UNK
's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today 	UNK
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but 	UNK
the movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality . 	UNK
memories of rollerball 	UNK
do well to cram earplugs in their ears 	UNK
old-fashioned themes 	UNK
this orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed 	UNK
, funny and touching 	UNK
, refreshingly , 	UNK
pushes its agenda too forcefully 	UNK
the heart of the film 	UNK
the whole dead-undead genre 	UNK
onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory 	UNK
a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations 	UNK
this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot . 	UNK
provocative material 	UNK
relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial 	UNK
you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty 	UNK
an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece 	UNK
all but spits out denzel washington 's fine performance in the title role . 	UNK
a bunch of talented thesps 	UNK
mr. deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy . 	UNK
, heartwarming yarn 	UNK
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic . 	UNK
this is the ultimate movie experience 	UNK
stop buying tickets 	UNK
at just over an hour , home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face . 	UNK
nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction 	UNK
's provocative stuff 	UNK
their super-powers , their super-simple animation 	UNK
that soars above the material realm 	UNK
's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit 	UNK
gorgeously elaborate continuation 	UNK
knows everything and answers all questions 	UNK
besides its terrific performances 	UNK
of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled 	UNK
feels shrill , simple and soapy . 	UNK
is highly pleasurable 	UNK
make the film more silly than scary 	UNK
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations 	UNK
lovely trifle 	UNK
are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug . 	UNK
's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages . 	UNK
a strong script , powerful direction and 	UNK
real americans 	UNK
the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen . 	UNK
a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images . 	UNK
the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling 	UNK
you would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit . 	UNK
company once again dazzle and delight us 	UNK
want to watch 	UNK
's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth 	UNK
for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride 	UNK
you 've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit 	UNK
the stories are quietly moving . 	UNK
endless exposition 	UNK
carries you along in a torrent of emotion 	UNK
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role 	UNK
adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining 	UNK
are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination 	UNK
making his wife look so bad in a major movie 	UNK
and mawkish dialogue 	UNK
is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness . 	UNK
polished 	UNK
harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore . 	UNK
too much time 	UNK
from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply 	UNK
almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell 	UNK
a generational signpost 	UNK
for bad movies 	UNK
... in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy , it does n't disappoint . 	UNK
depleted 	UNK
clichéd and shallow cautionary tale 	UNK
is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals . 	UNK
deliver a great story 	UNK
shiri is a must for genre fans . 	UNK
any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one 	UNK
over-the-top , and amateurish . 	UNK
since its poignancy hooks us completely 	UNK
the worst elements 	UNK
uneasy mix 	UNK
is the opposite of a truly magical movie 	UNK
notorious c.h.o. hits all the verbal marks it should . 	UNK
an above-average thriller 	UNK
what little grace ( rifkin 's ) tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics . 	UNK
, and even touching 	UNK
which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state 	UNK
is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 	UNK
the edge 	UNK
the highest and the performances 	UNK
worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances 	UNK
fast-moving and cheerfully 	UNK
are more involving than this mess 	UNK
every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- 	UNK
once again that he 's the best brush in the business 	UNK
for the earnest emotional core 	UNK
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative 	UNK
warmth 	UNK
barbershop so likable 	UNK
unfunny phonce 	UNK
like a student film 	UNK
seem so real 	UNK
meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws . 	UNK
crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing . 	UNK
bourgeois french society 	UNK
takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance 	UNK
for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all 	UNK
stubbornly refused to gel 	UNK
the crassness 	UNK
wartime 	UNK
quite frankly , i ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out . 	UNK
visible enthusiasm 	UNK
undeniably worthy and devastating experience 	UNK
visually ugly 	UNK
find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter 	UNK
underconfident 	UNK
return to never land is reliable , standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages . 	UNK
dawns , comic relief 	UNK
remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and 	UNK
crass , low-wattage 	UNK
a cleverly 	UNK
'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies 	UNK
accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	UNK
covers this territory with wit and originality 	UNK
if you 're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with jason x. 	UNK
wind 	UNK
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . ' 	UNK
most entertaining 	UNK
, more playful tone 	UNK
of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress 	UNK
the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry 	UNK
to view one of shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy 	UNK
real emotional impact 	UNK
cinematic razzle-dazzle 	UNK
vastly improved 	UNK
by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival 	UNK
to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it 	UNK
the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in ( the characters ' ) misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it . 	UNK
much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened . 	UNK
, first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' make this a charmer . 	UNK
is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film 	UNK
remarkable performance 	UNK
deft and subtle poetry 	UNK
really tells the tale 	UNK
an astonishingly witless script 	UNK
with his fake backdrops and stately pacing 	UNK
will have you talking 'til the end of the year ! 	UNK
well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process . 	UNK
feels rigged and sluggish 	UNK
its standard formula 	UNK
a pretty woman 	UNK
the insipid script 	UNK
concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt . 	UNK
unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow . 	UNK
vacant 	UNK
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot 	UNK
are often more predictable than their consequences 	UNK
a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text 	UNK
partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success 	UNK
impressive 	UNK
the sexy razzle-dazzle 	UNK
yet feels universal 	UNK
, well-shaped dramas 	UNK
human nature should be ingratiating 	UNK
until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations 	UNK
most wondrous love story 	UNK
perfection 	UNK
, uplifting and moving 	UNK
is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish . 	UNK
ordinary 	UNK
that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own 	UNK
runs around and acts like a doofus 	UNK
i 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché . 	UNK
a hilarious adventure 	UNK
put together with the preteen boy in mind 	UNK
twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record . 	UNK
feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years 	UNK
k-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia 	UNK
so dull 	UNK
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please 	UNK
loved this film . 	UNK
moviegoing pleasures 	UNK
so muddled , repetitive and ragged 	UNK
be sensational 	UNK
of its attractive young leads 	UNK
manipulation , 	UNK
everlasting 	UNK
none-too-funny 	UNK
one step further 	UNK
the wobbly premise work 	UNK
a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame 	UNK
stays with you long after you have left the theater 	UNK
been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle 	UNK
a group of talented friends 	UNK
valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view 	UNK
is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer . 	UNK
to split up so that it can do even more damage 	UNK
about the filmmaker 's characteristic style 	UNK
fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement 	UNK
of other , better movies 	UNK
is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer . 	UNK
ol' 	UNK
a journey 	UNK
know it would n't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway . 	UNK
has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero 	UNK
at least funny 	UNK
the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going 	UNK
was better than saving private ryan 	UNK
that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 	UNK
the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés 	UNK
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out 	UNK
a good fight 	UNK
flagrantly fake thunderstorms 	UNK
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse 	UNK
to rival gosford park 's 	UNK
an unsettling sight , 	UNK
imagine the cleanflicks version of ` love story , ' with ali macgraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes . 	UNK
repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue 	UNK
a handful of virtuosic set pieces 	UNK
best animated 	UNK
with zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' , who needs enemies 	UNK
one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists 	UNK
the film , like jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs . 	UNK
utterly painful to watch 	UNK
refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one 	UNK
credit director ramsay 	UNK
a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances 	UNK
best and most exciting 	UNK
is hell . 	UNK
one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels 	UNK
a top-notch cast 	UNK
fanciful direction 	UNK
bland actors 	UNK
he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego 	UNK
a beautiful , aching sadness to it all 	UNK
theological 	UNK
10,000 	UNK
based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 	UNK
most pleasurable expressions 	UNK
fully forgotten 	UNK
top-notch british actor 	UNK
of flat champagne 	UNK
old pickup skidding 	UNK
here of a director enjoying himself immensely 	UNK
own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute 	UNK
fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more 	UNK
is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family 	UNK
eloquent language 	UNK
subtle , humorous , illuminating study 	UNK
same stuff 	UNK
real magic , perhaps 	UNK
a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion . 	UNK
an original idea for a teen movie 	UNK
can you bear the laughter ? 	UNK
the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all 	UNK
lovely film 	UNK
the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had 	UNK
that their charm does n't do a load of good 	UNK
for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations 	UNK
might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc 	UNK
weak and ineffective 	UNK
standing in the shadows of motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow . 	UNK
as much of a mess as this one 	UNK
is almost in a class with that of wilde 	UNK
mostly fool 's 	UNK
with honest performances and exceptional detail 	UNK
excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope 	UNK
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : 	UNK
is never quite able 	UNK
that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway 	UNK
smug and convoluted 	UNK
's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again 	UNK
a historically significant work 	UNK
will talk about for hours 	UNK
plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family . 	UNK
it worth checking out at theaters 	UNK
if they looked at how this movie turned out 	UNK
quite a bit of heart , 	UNK
slump 	UNK
of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters 	UNK
director robert j. siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc . 	UNK
my greatest pictures , 	UNK
ill at ease sharing the same scene 	UNK
that crawls along at a snail 's pace 	UNK
is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience . 	UNK
, starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian 	UNK
been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode 	UNK
leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion . 	UNK
without any redeeming value whatsoever . 	UNK
hilariously , 	UNK
it 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters . 	UNK
sounds like horrible poetry . 	UNK
the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius 	UNK
its storytelling prowess 	UNK
regret 	UNK
of dramatic interest 	UNK
piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes 	UNK
about the best straight-up 	UNK
by a sloppy script 	UNK
it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started 	UNK
being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks 	UNK
mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , 	UNK
is n't breaking new ground 	UNK
the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series . 	UNK
i have a new favorite musical -- and i 'm not even a fan of the genre 	UNK
a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi 	UNK
to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop 	UNK
offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect 	UNK
epic 	UNK
pleasant , diverting and modest 	UNK
kinnear and dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers . 	UNK
, delicate treatment 	UNK
're drawn in by the dark luster 	UNK
to face frightening late fees 	UNK
depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved 	UNK
a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 	UNK
with guardian hack nick davies 	UNK
emotional edge 	UNK
one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice . 	UNK
suffered through the horrible pains of a death 	UNK
alexandre desplat 's haunting and sublime music 	UNK
slack and 	UNK
intelligence and intensity 	UNK
, claustrophobic 	UNK
a certain sexiness 	UNK
the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough 	UNK
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive 	UNK
mind-destroying 	UNK
be intimate and socially encompassing 	UNK
gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be 	UNK
like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz . 	UNK
is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways 	UNK
more confident 	UNK
to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments 	UNK
some delightful work 	UNK
to cheap manipulation or corny conventions 	UNK
is still good fun . 	UNK
a few evocative images 	UNK
hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device 	UNK
whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character 	UNK
look bad 	UNK
doze off 	UNK
this film 's cast is uniformly superb 	UNK
a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts . 	UNK
unlimited access 	UNK
mishandled 	UNK
provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views . 	UNK
is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs 	UNK
septic tank 	UNK
to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic 	UNK
object to the idea of a vietnam picture 	UNK
adrien brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying 	UNK
wo n't like looking at it 	UNK
spare dialogue and acute expressiveness 	UNK
i have given it a one-star rating 	UNK
to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society 	UNK
it 's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur . 	UNK
of warmth , color and cringe 	UNK
though i could not stand them 	UNK
jagger , stoppard and director michael apted ... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride . 	UNK
is tuned in to its community 	UNK
empowerment movie 	UNK
because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh 	UNK
ong 's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city . 	UNK
learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy 	UNK
from the brave , uninhibited performances 	UNK
well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience . 	UNK
that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for 	UNK
old-hat 	UNK
while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman 's warmest . 	UNK
decent ` intro ' documentary 	UNK
point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets 	UNK
hypertime in reverse 	UNK
of building to a laugh riot 	UNK
an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients . 	UNK
up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action 	UNK
fresh , unforced naturalism 	UNK
the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease 	UNK
... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults . 	UNK
stylish tracking shots 	UNK
adam sandler 's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash . 	UNK
a smart , provocative drama 	UNK
his ( nelson 's ) screenplay 	UNK
its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway 	UNK
sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm 	UNK
turns into an ocean of trouble 	UNK
20th anniversary edition 	UNK
gentle and 	UNK
it 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish . 	UNK
brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth 	UNK
enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse 	UNK
sometimes just lapses into unhidden british 	UNK
nasty comedy 	UNK
that rare documentary that incorporates so much 	UNK
loaded with good intentions 	UNK
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just 	UNK
here 's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix . 	UNK
genre thrills 	UNK
have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one 	UNK
, fun , popcorn movies 	UNK
the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through . 	UNK
thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable . 	UNK
it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death . 	UNK
clever adaptation 	UNK
the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 	UNK
most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing 	UNK
is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination . 	UNK
have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises 	UNK
can see without feeling embarrassed 	UNK
repetitive and 	UNK
really good 	UNK
that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress 	UNK
of the best 	UNK
vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse 	UNK
light treat 	UNK
spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications 	UNK
see mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good 	UNK
enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little 	UNK
powerful sequel 	UNK
the sulking , moody male hustler 	UNK
without being forceful , sad without being shrill 	UNK
in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee 	UNK
is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , 	UNK
mob 	UNK
bad blend 	UNK
without much interest in the elizabethans 	UNK
the rich performances by friel -- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- 	UNK
a gobbler like this 	UNK
fairly uneventful and 	UNK
kathy baker 's creepy turn 	UNK
writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction 	UNK
too stagey , 	UNK
a wildly inventive mixture 	UNK
into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness 	UNK
recycled more times 	UNK
stunt-hungry dimwits 	UNK
someone understands the need for the bad boy 	UNK
demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces . 	UNK
thankfully goes easy on the reel/real world dichotomy that ( jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in venice/venice . 	UNK
's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture 	UNK
smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem . 	UNK
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes 	UNK
worst elements 	UNK
is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded 	UNK
do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material . 	UNK
the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type 	UNK
creatively stillborn 	UNK
horrified 	UNK
be played out in any working class community in the nation 	UNK
cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional 	UNK
the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured 	UNK
elevate `` glory '' 	UNK
the metaphors are provocative , 	UNK
drek 	UNK
to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama 	UNK
a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction 	UNK
are also some startling , surrealistic moments 	UNK
weirdly beautiful place 	UNK
's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff 	UNK
is definitely worth seeing . 	UNK
too much like a fragment of an underdone potato 	UNK
painfully bad 	UNK
was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles 	UNK
decent but dull . 	UNK
for the playlist 	UNK
tells a fascinating , compelling story . 	UNK
stale and clichéd to a fault . 	UNK
is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs 	UNK
far-flung , illogical , and 	UNK
prepare to marvel again 	UNK
uneven movie 	UNK
delightful work 	UNK
brought something fresher to the proceedings 	UNK
is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans 	UNK
worthy 	UNK
your idea of a good time 	UNK
it is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure ! 	UNK
the ridiculous bolero 	UNK
a sugar-coated rocky 	UNK
a snail 's pace 	UNK
it does mark ms. bullock 's best work in some time 	UNK
emotional heart 	UNK
every cheesy scene 	UNK
supposedly , pokemon ca n't be killed , but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over 	UNK
genial is the conceit , 	UNK
's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe 	UNK
a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place 	UNK
his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- 	UNK
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : there 's very little hustling on view . 	UNK
you feel good , you feel sad 	UNK
a lot of charm 	UNK
a visionary 	UNK
short on larger moralistic consequences 	UNK
as dreadful 	UNK
does n't make any sense 	UNK
... enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games . 	UNK
with originality 	UNK
flounders under the weight of too many story lines . 	UNK
pathetic junk 	UNK
you might as well be watching it through a telescope 	UNK
are natural and lovely 	UNK
laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor 	UNK
absorbing , 	UNK
a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s . 	UNK
feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story . 	UNK
there surrender $ 9 	UNK
is , however , 	UNK
it 's tough to watch 	UNK
an inhalant blackout 	UNK
a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film . 	UNK
, worse yet , nonexistent -- 	UNK
in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage . 	UNK
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise . 	UNK
dreaming up romantic comedies 	UNK
it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality 	UNK
with a tale full of nuance and character dimension 	UNK
is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation 	UNK
otherwise dull 	UNK
smart and 	UNK
, but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity 	UNK
deviant 	UNK
you leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing . 	UNK
may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick 	UNK
he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful . 	UNK
do it his own way 	UNK
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability . 	UNK
found writer-director mitch davis 's wall of kitsch hard going 	UNK
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers 	UNK
it 's still a comic book , 	UNK
what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this 	UNK
whose cumulative effect is chilling 	UNK
have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again 	UNK
the director at his most sparkling 	UNK
a fine cast 	UNK
suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness . 	UNK
tendency 	UNK
without shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish . 	UNK
quite good 	UNK
feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses . 	UNK
it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film 	UNK
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , 	UNK
the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph 	UNK
talent and wit 	UNK
savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed 	UNK
as it is repetitious 	UNK
a fresh point of view 	UNK
a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth 	UNK
a weepy melodrama 	UNK
its initial excitement 	UNK
that efforts toward closure only open new wounds 	UNK
of holes and completely lacking in chills 	UNK
can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline 	UNK
masterpeice 	UNK
wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 	UNK
that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long 	UNK
part of the charm of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness . 	UNK
its effectiveness 	UNK
its funny , moving yarn 	UNK
is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression . 	UNK
the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive . 	UNK
a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish 	UNK
most mornings 	UNK
at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i 	UNK
you feel pissed off 	UNK
version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip 	UNK
wan 	UNK
and well-made entertainment 	UNK
heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start 	UNK
's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today . 	UNK
honesty and dignity 	UNK
deep vein 	UNK
there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot 	UNK
the screenplay falls somewhat short 	UNK
misguided 	UNK
highly watchable , giggly little story 	UNK
repulsive and 	UNK
a ragbag 	UNK
what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart . 	UNK
is a little scattered -- ditsy 	UNK
a step further , richer and deeper 	UNK
himself a deft pace master and stylist 	UNK
to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching 	UNK
smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like 	UNK
that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while 	UNK
its sweeping battle scenes 	UNK
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- 	UNK
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic 	UNK
flawed but 	UNK
disappoint 	UNK
enhancing 	UNK
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout 	UNK
flowering 	UNK
is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings 	UNK
well-formed satire 	UNK
with considerable appeal 	UNK
by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent 	UNK
e.t. is still a cinematic touchstone . 	UNK
the great pity 	UNK
sing beautifully and act adequately . 	UNK
for damon/bourne or his predicament 	UNK
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field 	UNK
in a superficial way , while never sure 	UNK
any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future 	UNK
greatest pictures 	UNK
what makes the movie fresh 	UNK
in a giant pile of elephant feces 	UNK
crafted an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book 	UNK
is beyond playing fair with the audience 	UNK
something 's horribly wrong 	UNK
this gets us in trouble 	UNK
should pay reparations to viewers . 	UNK
, byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth . 	UNK
know that i 'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again 	UNK
what a great way to spend 4 units of your day . 	UNK
1987 	UNK
no more 	UNK
elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world 	UNK
a tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow 	UNK
plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters 	UNK
yarn-spinner 	UNK
's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it 	UNK
the biggest names in japanese anime , 	UNK
easy , cynical potshots 	UNK
shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions 	UNK
a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment . 	UNK
the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed 	UNK
through love 	UNK
the values of knowledge , education , and the 	UNK
attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel 	UNK
i like this movie a lot . 	UNK
mystic 	UNK
it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change . 	UNK
the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs 	UNK
neil burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present 	UNK
the movie is a desperate miscalculation . 	UNK
a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian ... life . 	UNK
a battle between bug-eye theater and dead-eye matinee . 	UNK
avert our eyes 	UNK
assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height 	UNK
asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in . 	UNK
temperamental child 	UNK
presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier 	UNK
energy it 's documenting 	UNK
precisely 	UNK
i 'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up . 	UNK
curious 	UNK
grisly and engagingly quixotic 	UNK
reached its expiration date 	UNK
offering next to little insight 	UNK
be lulled into a coma 	UNK
's certainly an honest attempt to get at something 	UNK
is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn . 	UNK
should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters 	UNK
a brilliant piece of filmmaking 	UNK
, this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate . 	UNK
the lousy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired . 	UNK
supermarket tabloids 	UNK
pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other . 	UNK
borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion . 	UNK
been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better 	UNK
does n't remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris so much as distill it . 	UNK
dead-end 	UNK
rough-trade homo-eroticism 	UNK
a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles . 	UNK
( macdowell ) ventures beyond her abilities 	UNK
unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism 	UNK
could rent the original and get the same love story and parable 	UNK
toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater 	UNK
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations 	UNK
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle 	UNK
tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus 	UNK
sensual delights and simmering 	UNK
their natural instinct for self-preservation 	UNK
what bubbles up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie 	UNK
on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged 	UNK
only makeup-deep 	UNK
its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen 	UNK
is unfocused , 	UNK
in the current climate of mergers and downsizing 	UNK
` martin lawrence live ' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show . 	UNK
touching 	UNK
more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story 	UNK
with this masterful , flawless film , ( wang ) emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers . 	UNK
has made tucker a star 	UNK
just offbeat 	UNK
own cuteness 	UNK
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point 	UNK
leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an 	UNK
the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters . 	UNK
uptight , middle 	UNK
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief 	UNK
that you had already seen that movie 	UNK
layers 	UNK
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and 	UNK
, pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc . 	UNK
full , chilling advantage 	UNK
better than the fiction 	UNK
deserves to be seen everywhere 	UNK
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep . 	UNK
for every taste 	UNK
meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots . 	UNK
a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic . 	UNK
pack some serious suspense 	UNK
viewers of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle 	UNK
... has a pleasing way with a metaphor . 	UNK
is superficial 	UNK
is a movie you can trust . 	UNK
succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them . 	UNK
unstoppable 	UNK
this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out 	UNK
the fun of toy story 2 	UNK
in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni 's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it . 	UNK
honest performances 	UNK
hole-ridden 	UNK
who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	UNK
is pleasant enough 	UNK
... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy . 	UNK
geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man 	UNK
a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state 	UNK
does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal . 	UNK
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react 	UNK
a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions . 	UNK
of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes 	UNK
the results are far more alienating than involving . 	UNK
a hit 	UNK
sit in neutral 	UNK
ultimately hollow mockumentary 	UNK
irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere 	UNK
radical '' or `` suck '' 	UNK
swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell . 	UNK
call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace 	UNK
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded 	UNK
of a brutal mid 	UNK
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but 	UNK
the characters seem one-dimensional , and 	UNK
fun part 	UNK
imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful 	UNK
beautifully read and , finally , 	UNK
it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman . 	UNK
hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now . 	UNK
... visually striking and slickly staged 	UNK
is hereby given fair warning . 	UNK
morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images 	UNK
, crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction . 	UNK
unblinkingly pure as the hours 	UNK
feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies . 	UNK
with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names . 	UNK
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff . 	UNK
a processed comedy chop suey . 	UNK
manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks 	UNK
did not figure out a coherent game 	UNK
, every shot enhances the excellent performances 	UNK
the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way . 	UNK
they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering . 	UNK
is so different from the apple and so striking 	UNK
is all too predictable and far too cliched 	UNK
hate 	UNK
we 've seen it all before in one form or another , 	UNK
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro 	UNK
it 's a very valuable film ... 	UNK
rashomon-for-dipsticks 	UNK
insane comic undertaking 	UNK
clear sense 	UNK
performance - ahem 	UNK
fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 	UNK
the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and 	UNK
so successful at lodging itself in the brain 	UNK
wickedly funny and just plain wicked 	UNK
... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence . 	UNK
can be a bit repetitive 	UNK
deliberate laughs 	UNK
possibly the best actor working in movies today 	UNK
no charm , no laughs , no fun , 	UNK
perfectly formed 	UNK
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction 	UNK
that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them 	UNK
's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything 	UNK
is hypnotic 	UNK
( shyamalan ) continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision . 	UNK
starving and 	UNK
, charismatic and tragically 	UNK
of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy 	UNK
wit or innovation 	UNK
that only seems to care about the bottom line 	UNK
the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing . 	UNK
come away from his film overwhelmed , 	UNK
the determination of pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop . 	UNK
he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race . 	UNK
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption 	UNK
a stirring road movie . 	UNK
certain 	UNK
a lumbering load 	UNK
if you 're up for that sort of thing 	UNK
there are a couple of things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of duvall . 	UNK
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman . ' 	UNK
they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail . 	UNK
consumed and forgotten 	UNK
after drinking twelve beers 	UNK
it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film 	UNK
a big fat pain . 	UNK
need of a scented bath 	UNK
that has no point and goes nowhere 	UNK
their enthusiasm 	UNK
be very sweet 	UNK
smarter and subtler 	UNK
`` the best disney movie 	UNK
a sour little movie 	UNK
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem . 	UNK
a showcase 	UNK
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel . 	UNK
stands as one of the great films about movie love 	UNK
grant is certainly amusing 	UNK
a genial romance 	UNK
unimaginative and derivative 	UNK
the cheap 	UNK
a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine . 	UNK
full-bodied wit 	UNK
modestly made 	UNK
you may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping . 	UNK
the creative act 	UNK
bravura 	UNK
so real 	UNK
despite its shortcomings , girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre . 	UNK
is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 	UNK
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters 	UNK
it just zings along with vibrance and warmth . 	UNK
' should never have been brought out of hibernation 	UNK
trying to figure out the rules of the country bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein 's brain . 	UNK
dreary expanse 	UNK
a relationship that is worthy of our respect 	UNK
the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is appealing . 	UNK
's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf 	UNK
astoundingly rich 	UNK
, there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy 	UNK
devotees 	UNK
by amateurish 	UNK
feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow 	UNK
about whose fate it is hard to care 	UNK
just another teen movie , 	UNK
pitifully few real laughs 	UNK
, double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action 	UNK
has done excellent work here 	UNK
defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second 	UNK
` it 's just a kids ' flick 	UNK
evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction 	UNK
better characters 	UNK
few nonbelievers 	UNK
simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience . 	UNK
the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was 	UNK
there is precious little of either . 	UNK
you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie 	UNK
feels at odds with the rest of the film . 	UNK
plan to make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' 	UNK
in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast 	UNK
weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise 	UNK
fuelled devito 's early work 	UNK
make up for a derivative plot 	UNK
to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident 	UNK
is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought . 	UNK
a real charmer 	UNK
convinced 	UNK
as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points 	UNK
elegant 	UNK
short of true inspiration 	UNK
whimsy 	UNK
one decent performance 	UNK
really solid performances 	UNK
in and of himself funny 	UNK
like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being , the hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right . 	UNK
wins still 	UNK
insipid , brutally clueless film 	UNK
refreshingly natural 	UNK
that it comes off as annoying rather than charming 	UNK
frame one 	UNK
the problems of fledgling democracies 	UNK
for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters 	UNK
i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener 	UNK
manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography 	UNK
the love of family 	UNK
it 's unnerving suspense 	UNK
think of it as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch . 	UNK
with more emotional force than any other recent film 	UNK
the bread , 	UNK
best comedy concert movie 	UNK
a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 	UNK
an unsympathetic character and someone 	UNK
is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers 	UNK
shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team 	UNK
parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place . 	UNK
flawless 	UNK
headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito 	UNK
american blockbusters 	UNK
too long 	UNK
lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction 	UNK
secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie . 	UNK
puzzling than unsettling 	UNK
a surprisingly funny movie . 	UNK
the edge of sanity 	UNK
with roussillon providing comic relief 	UNK
perceptive , good-natured 	UNK
stock situations and characters 	UNK
not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at . 	UNK
increasingly diverse 	UNK
stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore . 	UNK
tsai ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , what time is it there ? 	UNK
enjoy the film 	UNK
an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer 	UNK
wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential . 	UNK
nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly 	UNK
engages us in constant fits of laughter , 	UNK
imaginative as one might have hoped 	UNK
duly impressive in imax dimensions 	UNK
that fails to make adequate 	UNK
compelling film . 	UNK
he 's not good with people . 	UNK
might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ? 	UNK
world-renowned 	UNK
hollywood frightfest 	UNK
to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation 	UNK
, you 're engulfed by it . 	UNK
pushed into the margins 	UNK
doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents 	UNK
a vision both painterly and literary 	UNK
rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations 	UNK
quick-witted 	UNK
killer 	UNK
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes 	UNK
high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky 	UNK
something different 	UNK
, unlikeable people 	UNK
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding 	UNK
, crisp storytelling 	UNK
do the genial-rogue shtick to death 	UNK
revelatory and narcissistic 	UNK
disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other john woo flick for that matter . 	UNK
like they were lifted from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings 	UNK
there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable 	UNK
to refresh our souls 	UNK
is one of those rare pictures 	UNK
emotionally desiccated 	UNK
when it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia . 	UNK
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller 	UNK
an unsophisticated 	UNK
is n't much to it 	UNK
overboard 	UNK
zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' , 	UNK
magnetic performance 	UNK
first full flush 	UNK
when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic . 	UNK
its courage , ideas , 	UNK
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating 	UNK
are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition . 	UNK
enormously entertaining movie 	UNK
, occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film 	UNK
by a lackluster script and substandard performances 	UNK
stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold 	UNK
failing , ultimately 	UNK
woefully dull 	UNK
in the business 	UNK
real snooze . 	UNK
far more energy 	UNK
wilde 's droll whimsy 	UNK
of the great minds of our times 	UNK
one arresting image 	UNK
what makes it worth the trip to the theater 	UNK
watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time 	UNK
absurd , 	UNK
emotional comfort 	UNK
been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip 	UNK
stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor 	UNK
all the wiggling energy 	UNK
is his best film yet 	UNK
back with the astonishing revelation 	UNK
dragged on 	UNK
a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide . 	UNK
forgettably 	UNK
your indifference 	UNK
obnoxious comedy 	UNK
a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as 	UNK
, lan yu never catches dramatic fire . 	UNK
nothing about this movie 	UNK
leaves blue crush waterlogged 	UNK
as the synergistic impulse that created it 	UNK
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... 	UNK
it 's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness 	UNK
's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead 	UNK
attractive and talented actors 	UNK
is rotten in the state of california 	UNK
lurches between not-very-funny comedy 	UNK
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , 	UNK
a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film . 	UNK
a grating , 	UNK
poignant and delicately complex . 	UNK
the wise , wizened visitor 	UNK
wit and dignity 	UNK
a wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily . 	UNK
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture 	UNK
what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito 's misanthropic vision 	UNK
lovely and beautifully 	UNK
be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act 	UNK
so much leniency 	UNK
simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails 	UNK
good idea 	UNK
a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment 	UNK
, you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history . 	UNK
had all its vital essence scooped out and 	UNK
you 're a comic fan 	UNK
way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time 	UNK
up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking 	UNK
conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable 	UNK
so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 	UNK
no special effects , and no hollywood endings 	UNK
the more hackneyed elements of the film 	UNK
hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie 	UNK
energy and imagination 	UNK
melodramatic paranormal romance 	UNK
another smash 	UNK
whiny pouty-lipped poof 	UNK
more tiring than anything 	UNK
is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen 's astringent wit . 	UNK
special 	UNK
has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , 	UNK
it 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ... 	UNK
horror 	UNK
dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year 	UNK
paints - of a culture in conflict with itself 	UNK
between the artificial structure 	UNK
the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway 	UNK
heartwarming yarn 	UNK
like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake . 	UNK
intensely romantic 	UNK
the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects 	UNK
three splendid actors 	UNK
is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace 	UNK
a fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience . 	UNK
thoroughly enjoyable 	UNK
an unencouraging threefold expansion on the former mtv series 	UNK
the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed . 	UNK
to `` interesting '' 	UNK
reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style 	UNK
fine-looking 	UNK
losin ' his fan base 	UNK
marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it 	UNK
engrossing story 	UNK
( the leads ) are such a companionable couple 	UNK
make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book 	UNK
you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake . 	UNK
buoyant , expressive 	UNK
watch the film twice 	UNK
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art . 	UNK
loopy and 	UNK
a touching reflection 	UNK
while some of the camera work is interesting , the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work . 	UNK
chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing . ' 	UNK
a clever script and skilled actors 	UNK
this flat effort 	UNK
watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad 	UNK
( gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence , and 	UNK
who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia 	UNK
have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense 	UNK
that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater 	UNK
the most edgy piece of disney animation 	UNK
in the right place 	UNK
really get weird , though not particularly scary 	UNK
sweet , even delectable 	UNK
as part of mr. dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in america , family fundamentals is an earnest study in despair . 	UNK
performances , great to look at , and funny 	UNK
it never comes close to being either funny or scary 	UNK
predictable rehash 	UNK
a movie of technical skill and rare depth 	UNK
the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny 	UNK
so cold and dead 	UNK
of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs 	UNK
, soar . 	UNK
made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience 	UNK
politics , power and 	UNK
too erotic nor 	UNK
is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking 	UNK
stupid 	UNK
is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers . 	UNK
not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective . 	UNK
wondering why these people mattered 	UNK
the titillating material 	UNK
infidelity 	UNK
enjoyably 	UNK
no good answer to that one 	UNK
be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 	UNK
's pure entertainment 	UNK
to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage 	UNK
grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces . 	UNK
is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence 	UNK
though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché . 	UNK
constantly touching 	UNK
having a nightmare about bad cinema 	UNK
bratty for sympathy 	UNK
an entertaining documentary 	UNK
striking , quietly vulnerable personality 	UNK
worse than you can imagine 	UNK
compassion , good-natured 	UNK
that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 	UNK
deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still 	UNK
is japanese and yet feels universal 	UNK
most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors 	UNK
from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale 	UNK
is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence 	UNK
a good movie ye 	UNK
this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end . 	UNK
just do n't work in concert . 	UNK
it wants to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain 	UNK
finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson . 	UNK
of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this 	UNK
the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy . 	UNK
cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments 	UNK
a weird , arresting little ride . 	UNK
much more than 	UNK
really goes downhill . 	UNK
a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 	UNK
ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine 	UNK
any art-house moviegoer 	UNK
more than their unique residences , home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it . 	UNK
their story is predictable 	UNK
humorless 	UNK
misses 	UNK
ingenue 	UNK
from a bad clive barker movie 	UNK
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and 	UNK
an unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage . 	UNK
the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones 	UNK
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic 	UNK
ultimately purposeless 	UNK
occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma . 	UNK
more intimate than spectacular , e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades . 	UNK
one of the funniest motion 	UNK
remake andrei tarkovsky 's solaris so much as distill it 	UNK
as unblinkingly pure as the hours 	UNK
` scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary . 	UNK
half-hearted 	UNK
padded 	UNK
walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity 	UNK
hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat 	UNK
a dime 	UNK
kiddie fantasy pablum 	UNK
of overwhelming waste 	UNK
by the pathetic idea 	UNK
airy cinematic bon bons 	UNK
sure to ultimately disappoint the action 	UNK
's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull 	UNK
in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism 	UNK
stunning 	UNK
dripping with cliche 	UNK
warm as it is wise 	UNK
, the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability 	UNK
the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but 	UNK
wewannour money back , 	UNK
as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day 	UNK
a chance to learn , to grow , to travel 	UNK
woody allen used to ridicule movies like hollywood ending . 	UNK
volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness 	UNK
sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature 	UNK
warm and well-told 	UNK
what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling 	UNK
mired in tear-drenched quicksand 	UNK
that is actually funny with the material 	UNK
narrative continuity 	UNK
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin 	UNK
not everyone will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture , 	UNK
a canny crowd pleaser , and 	UNK
a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern 	UNK
so watchable 	UNK
stunning animation 	UNK
the dog from snatch ) 	UNK
great marching bands 	UNK
absolutely amazing 	UNK
cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth . 	UNK
successful 	UNK
no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining 	UNK
esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating . 	UNK
the touch is generally light enough and 	UNK
unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear 	UNK
plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither 	UNK
has some nice twists but the ending 	UNK
washington has a sure hand . 	UNK
a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter 	UNK
wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 	UNK
very good film 	UNK
more curious 	UNK
liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive 	UNK
less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series . 	UNK
ace japanimator hayao miyazaki 's spirited away 	UNK
few movies have ever approached 	UNK
a thoroughly awful movie -- 	UNK
springing 	UNK
bigger than yourself 	UNK
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and 	UNK
a wonderful account to work from 	UNK
there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 	UNK
turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny . 	UNK
lil bow wow takes the cake 	UNK
dismally dull sci-fi comedy 	UNK
denouement 	UNK
still want my money back . 	UNK
has a tired , talky feel . 	UNK
and the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence . 	UNK
from japan 	UNK
knows how a daily grind can kill love 	UNK
an admitted egomaniac , evans is no hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of don simpson . 	UNK
it aims so low 	UNK
eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof . 	UNK
told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing . 	UNK
big , dumb action movie 	UNK
lip-reading 	UNK
audacity and openness 	UNK
enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies 	UNK
one of the year 's most enjoyable releases 	UNK
to like 	UNK
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk 	UNK
morally bankrupt characters 	UNK
, overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary . 	UNK
you 're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic . 	UNK
exhilarating documentary 	UNK
intentionally low 	UNK
creepy crawlies 	UNK
loud , witless mess 	UNK
to accomplish 	UNK
when cares melted away in the dark theater 	UNK
as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline . 	UNK
a dud 	UNK
sappy situations and dialogue 	UNK
entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment 	UNK
adorably whimsical comedy 	UNK
the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs 	UNK
it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots . 	UNK
expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness 	UNK
how pertinent its dynamics remain 	UNK
includes too much obvious padding . 	UNK
becomes predictably conventional 	UNK
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish 	UNK
a straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality . 	UNK
a story for more than four minutes 	UNK
hip-hop indie snipes 	UNK
trifling 	UNK
may be the performances of their careers 	UNK
from a faraway planet 	UNK
one of the most repellent things 	UNK
would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days 	UNK
tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship 	UNK
a powerful sequel and one 	UNK
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , 	UNK
uproarious humor 	UNK
deft punctuation 	UNK
it 's sweet and fluffy at the time 	UNK
reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon 	UNK
is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies . 	UNK
it allows the mind to enter and accept another world 	UNK
could as easily have been called ` under siege 3 : in alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life 	UNK
laugh because he acts so goofy all the time 	UNK
oversexed 	UNK
it gets old quickly . 	UNK
peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth 	UNK
the four feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes . 	UNK
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and 	UNK
of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design 	UNK
forefront 	UNK
be most in the mind of the killer 	UNK
stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony 	UNK
a celebration 	UNK
you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time . 	UNK
flat and uncreative 	UNK
oo many of these gross 	UNK
like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish 	UNK
i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time . 	UNK
a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same 	UNK
frailty fascinates 	UNK
a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome 	UNK
the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson ... 	UNK
remains brightly optimistic 	UNK
worth your time 	UNK
rooting for the monsters in a horror movie 	UNK
still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable 	UNK
, everything else about the film tanks . 	UNK
as overbearing and over-the-top as the family 	UNK
it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman 	UNK
a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable 	UNK
, shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life . 	UNK
a bland murder-on-campus 	UNK
the artwork 	UNK
a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic 	UNK
, the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament . 	UNK
even the corniest 	UNK
... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job ... 	UNK
has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs 	UNK
its beautiful women 	UNK
wretchedly 	UNK
you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow 	UNK
clever scripting solutions 	UNK
left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte 's web of desire and desperation . 	UNK
late fees 	UNK
is uniformly superb 	UNK
fails at both endeavors 	UNK
convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking 	UNK
siren 	UNK
to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something 	UNK
from a bygone era 	UNK
, the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake . 	UNK
one of french cinema 's master craftsmen 	UNK
a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary . 	UNK
suspenseful cliché 	UNK
during the tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` chan moment ' . 	UNK
should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn 	UNK
most virtuous limits 	UNK
something goes bump in the night and nobody cares 	UNK
puzzle his most ardent fans . 	UNK
a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them 	UNK
to our basest desires 	UNK
a black hole 	UNK
a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions 	UNK
comic energy 	UNK
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure 	UNK
excites the imagination 	UNK
inauthentic at its core 	UNK
remain an unchanged dullard 	UNK
if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was 	UNK
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , 	UNK
a suspenseful spin 	UNK
of an underdone potato 	UNK
get more re-creations of all those famous moments 	UNK
real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires 	UNK
the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together . 	UNK
good guys 	UNK
it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy . 	UNK
very expressive 	UNK
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , 	UNK
said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women 	UNK
a loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series . 	UNK
ghastly 	UNK
a nightmare about bad cinema 	UNK
, gangs excels in spectacle and pacing . 	UNK
the film operates nicely off the element of surprise 	UNK
how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew 	UNK
to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot 	UNK
the third feels limited by its short running time 	UNK
medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt . 	UNK
that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in 	UNK
it 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery 	UNK
going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year 	UNK
, by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care 	UNK
berling and béart ... continue to impress , 	UNK
, comfortable 	UNK
gets old 	UNK
as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die 	UNK
of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life 	UNK
for something new 	UNK
reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , 	UNK
simply a re-hash of the other seven films . 	UNK
when none of them are ever any good 	UNK
tired , talky 	UNK
's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages . 	UNK
moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy 	UNK
engaging simplicity 	UNK
strong and convincing 	UNK
'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment 	UNK
an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them . 	UNK
for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics 	UNK
but the actors make this worth a peek . 	UNK
a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one 	UNK
such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema . 	UNK
's the butt of its own joke 	UNK
a masterpiece -- 	UNK
a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder 	UNK
a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force 	UNK
clichés and mawkish dialogue 	UNK
a tragic dimension and 	UNK
deathly slow to any teen 	UNK
annoyed 	UNK
any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling 	UNK
maybe twice ) 	UNK
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography . 	UNK
remarkably unpretentious 	UNK
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke . 	UNK
funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful 	UNK
it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out . 	UNK
that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album 	UNK
a work of extraordinary journalism , but 	UNK
worked against the maker 's minimalist intent 	UNK
spirals downward , and 	UNK
second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds 	UNK
full 	UNK
it goes further than both 	UNK
more than a whiff 	UNK
more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms . 	UNK
k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining . 	UNK
because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him 	UNK
generic thriller junk . 	UNK
no fun 	UNK
joyous communal festival 	UNK
a simple premise 	UNK
you would n't turn down a big bowl of that 	UNK
fearlessly 	UNK
that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy 	UNK
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent . 	UNK
a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet 	UNK
the film 's lack of personality 	UNK
subtly kinky bedside vigils and 	UNK
auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance 	UNK
hard to resist . 	UNK
bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story 	UNK
more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex 	UNK
of purpose and even-handedness 	UNK
any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears 	UNK
the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 	UNK
are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma 	UNK
, the film does hold up pretty well . 	UNK
one ca n't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album . 	UNK
yet surprisingly entertaining 	UNK
some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves . 	UNK
amy and matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it . 	UNK
of a sleeper success 	UNK
being real 	UNK
that made a walk to remember a niche hit 	UNK
rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season 	UNK
at once visceral and spiritual , 	UNK
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness 	UNK
overstays 	UNK
as an actor 's showcase 	UNK
dressed up this little parable 	UNK
an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing 	UNK
the nerve-raked acting , 	UNK
top-notch action powers this romantic drama 	UNK
is n't merely offensive 	UNK
unlikable 	UNK
... it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did i miss something ? '' 	UNK
without any of the pretension associated with the term 	UNK
rent those movies instead , 	UNK
is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever 	UNK
vulgar , sexist 	UNK
very difficult 	UNK
is so incredibly inane 	UNK
brash and mainly unfunny 	UNK
convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers 	UNK
directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 	UNK
ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way 	UNK
misconceived final 	UNK
qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating . 	UNK
journey into a philosophical void 	UNK
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict . 	UNK
where their heads were is anyone 's guess . 	UNK
humor and a heartfelt conviction 	UNK
for the best 	UNK
of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence 	UNK
bug-eyed mugging 	UNK
two dimension tale 	UNK
friends will be friends through thick and thin 	UNK
sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . 	UNK
if good-hearted , movie . 	UNK
the characters are intriguing and realistic 	UNK
realism , crisp storytelling and 	UNK
actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 	UNK
created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point 	UNK
unflappable 	UNK
traditional romantic 	UNK
do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ? 	UNK
a hack script 	UNK
a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers . 	UNK
just does n't have anything really interesting to say . 	UNK
going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud 	UNK
lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers 	UNK
and lesbian children 	UNK
study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture . 	UNK
unimpressively 	UNK
it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; 	UNK
is an impossible task 	UNK
the hours , a delicately crafted film 	UNK
the metaphors are provocative 	UNK
it puts washington , as honest working man john q. archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher . 	UNK
super-dooper-adorability intact 	UNK
been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy 	UNK
are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	UNK
reassures 	UNK
of america , history and the awkwardness of human life 	UNK
there 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue . 	UNK
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , 	UNK
an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey 	UNK
beautifully designed 	UNK
even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie . 	UNK
thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , 	UNK
paints an absurdly simplistic picture . 	UNK
genuinely unnerving . 	UNK
and movie life 	UNK
effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself 	UNK
some comic sparks 	UNK
subtle , and resonant 	UNK
though a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors . 	UNK
bracingly nasty 	UNK
a smart , nuanced look at de sade and 	UNK
grows on you . 	UNK
and for many of us , that 's good enough . 	UNK
unparalleled 	UNK
trapped wo n't score points for political correctness 	UNK
love robin tunney 	UNK
cold , gray , antiseptic and 	UNK
who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny 	UNK
its own 	UNK
and sublime music 	UNK
a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score 	UNK
the kind of social texture and realism 	UNK
astoundingly 	UNK
drag 	UNK
'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment 	UNK
humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life 	UNK
good one 	UNK
abandoned , 	UNK
is better than ` shindler 's list ' 	UNK
this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . 	UNK
has a feel for the character at all stages of her life 	UNK
dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams 	UNK
refreshes 	UNK
inconsistencies 	UNK
something creepy about this movie 	UNK
a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him 	UNK
engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese ` cultural revolution . 	UNK
suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused 	UNK
the yawning chasm where the plot should be 	UNK
maudlin focus 	UNK
blazingly 	UNK
owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama 	UNK
a film living far too much in its own head 	UNK
make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film 	UNK
, this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . 	UNK
, talented , charismatic and tragically 	UNK
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking . 	UNK
a feature debut 	UNK
sumptuous ocean visuals 	UNK
bitterly 	UNK
watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama 	UNK
festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you 	UNK
when the explosions start , they fall to pieces 	UNK
all your mateys , 	UNK
the structure is simple , but 	UNK
the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject 	UNK
could not stand them 	UNK
that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride 	UNK
perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated . 	UNK
groaner 	UNK
strange and beautiful film 	UNK
tired , unnecessary 	UNK
artistic transcendence 	UNK
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't 	UNK
for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick 	UNK
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother 	UNK
its absurdities and crudities 	UNK
are beautifully 	UNK
do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages 	UNK
no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer 	UNK
feature-length stretch 	UNK
could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films 	UNK
's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly . '' 	UNK
ok for a movie 	UNK
surprisingly entertaining 	UNK
an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick . 	UNK
, think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with 	UNK
keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity 	UNK
is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony 	UNK
some intelligent observations 	UNK
the consequences 	UNK
be interested in knowing any of them personally 	UNK
rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent 	UNK
against a tree 	UNK
have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 . 	UNK
no amount of imagination 	UNK
more salacious telenovela than serious drama 	UNK
placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 	UNK
simply 	UNK
the hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right . 	UNK
the essence of what it is to be ya-ya 	UNK
what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted . 	UNK
the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation 	UNK
comprehensible 	UNK
`` abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater . 	UNK
feel sorry 	UNK
by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life 	UNK
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments 	UNK
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes . 	UNK
bad direction 	UNK
universal and involving 	UNK
every painful nuance , 	UNK
vibrant , colorful , semimusical 	UNK
a twist -- far better 	UNK
caught but the audience gets pure escapism 	UNK
dominate a family 	UNK
a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized 	UNK
least favorite emotions 	UNK
of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster 	UNK
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun . 	UNK
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows 	UNK
sane and breathtakingly 	UNK
thrillingly 	UNK
thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film 	UNK
beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d 	UNK
from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written 	UNK
existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term 	UNK
might want to check it out 	UNK
is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine 	UNK
a moving , if uneven , success . 	UNK
dead-on 	UNK
may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit 	UNK
unhurried narrative 	UNK
perfectly executed 	UNK
new york metropolitan area 	UNK
the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament 	UNK
earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding . 	UNK
solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work . 	UNK
the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago . 	UNK
color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at 	UNK
'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser . 	UNK
a year late 	UNK
get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over 	UNK
random , superficial humor 	UNK
it makes absolutely no sense 	UNK
would love this . 	UNK
to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book 	UNK
conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective . 	UNK
an exciting plot 	UNK
makes a better short story than it does a film 	UNK
a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along 	UNK
the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness . 	UNK
fine job 	UNK
uninteresting 	UNK
good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films 	UNK
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , 	UNK
's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish 	UNK
is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th heaven . 	UNK
with enough sardonic wit 	UNK
welcome perspective 	UNK
the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen 	UNK
the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line 	UNK
the most watchable film 	UNK
the vital action sequences 	UNK
gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem 	UNK
the same mistake as the music industry 	UNK
the brawn 	UNK
no , paralyzed 	UNK
going to jell 	UNK
to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry 	UNK
the cat 's meow 	UNK
a collective heart attack 	UNK
always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable 	UNK
that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' 	UNK
peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids 	UNK
painful 	UNK
to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived 	UNK
writer-director kurt wimmer 	UNK
to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves 	UNK
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me . 	UNK
move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel . 	UNK
a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge . 	UNK
a core 	UNK
as well as it does because of the performances 	UNK
wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways 	UNK
misses the mark 	UNK
is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many 	UNK
's strongest and most touching movie of recent years . 	UNK
logical 	UNK
sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions . 	UNK
a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh 	UNK
killer 	UNK
is n't heated 	UNK
of freshness , imagination and insight 	UNK
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros 	UNK
are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care 	UNK
adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . 	UNK
most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there . 	UNK
is nothing redeeming about this movie . 	UNK
that is impenetrable and dull 	UNK
jeffrey tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is oscar-worthy . 	UNK
whereas oliver stone 's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy 	UNK
sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music . 	UNK
mature and 	UNK
a heartening tale of small victories and 	UNK
keeps the energy humming 	UNK
the direction is clumsy 	UNK
shallow . 	UNK
special effect 	UNK
never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad 	UNK
visually striking and 	UNK
is tepid and tedious 	UNK
it 's just not very smart . 	UNK
an awful snooze . 	UNK
is both inspiring and pure joy 	UNK
make the most of the large-screen format , 	UNK
the real horror may be waiting for us at home 	UNK
leave you wanting to abandon the theater 	UNK
99-minute 	UNK
deliver remarkable performances . 	UNK
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie . 	UNK
the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take 	UNK
otherwise bleak tale 	UNK
awkwardly garish showcase 	UNK
the soul-searching deliberateness of the film 	UNK
will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and 	UNK
, the movie looks genuinely pretty . 	UNK
an intermittently good time 	UNK
a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this 	UNK
a crescendo 	UNK
a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll . 	UNK
a gleefully 	UNK
the first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year ! 	UNK
at theaters 	UNK
might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) 	UNK
the overall fabric is hypnotic , and mr. mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy 	UNK
most opaque , self-indulgent and 	UNK
experienced 	UNK
loyal fans 	UNK
an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms 	UNK
it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken . 	UNK
is workmanlike in the extreme . 	UNK
are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine 	UNK
to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 	UNK
undeniably intriguing 	UNK
of embarrassment 	UNK
despite some first-rate performances 	UNK
an acting bond 	UNK
you 're not a fan 	UNK
the choices 	UNK
to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary 	UNK
despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' make this a charmer . 	UNK
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and 	UNK
fake 	UNK
it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 	UNK
it 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied . 	UNK
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting . 	UNK
is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective 	UNK
pay money for what we can get on television for free 	UNK
campanella 's competent direction and 	UNK
this is the stuff that disney movies are made of . 	UNK
stakes out the emotional heart of happy 	UNK
the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion 	UNK
into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim 	UNK
the year 's best 	UNK
if you love him , you 'll like it . 	UNK
from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner 	UNK
abundant 	UNK
` laughing 	UNK
a predictable , manipulative stinker 	UNK
for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2 	UNK
explore the connections between place and personal identity . 	UNK
if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too 	UNK
, today , can prevent its tragic waste of life 	UNK
, not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels 	UNK
co-winner 	UNK
no one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but the guys still feels counterproductive 	UNK
is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit 	UNK
while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie 's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle . 	UNK
to sit through than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films 	UNK
underlines even the dullest tangents 	UNK
relentlessly nasty situations 	UNK
are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material 	UNK
a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone 	UNK
director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve 	UNK
technically superb film 	UNK
tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense 	UNK
the usual cliches 	UNK
it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice . 	UNK
still does n't quite know how to fill a frame . 	UNK
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone 	UNK
to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man 	UNK
too many prefabricated story elements 	UNK
of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore 	UNK
is a little too in love 	UNK
the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant . 	UNK
the film is strictly routine . 	UNK
a cruelly funny twist 	UNK
amused indictment 	UNK
the lazy material and 	UNK
aggressively silly 	UNK
is entertaining 	UNK
thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be 	UNK
rather brilliant 	UNK
a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film 	UNK
if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera 	UNK
to see a romance this smart 	UNK
the most moronic screenplays of the year 	UNK
less than fresh . 	UNK
tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in . 	UNK
is plenty of room for editing 	UNK
thriller with enough unexpected twists 	UNK
is as difficult for the audience 	UNK
simple pleasures 	UNK
this is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch . 	UNK
a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait 	UNK
regards reign of fire with awe 	UNK
's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out 	UNK
director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags . 	UNK
such enervating determination 	UNK
be pleased 	UNK
really poor 	UNK
if any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ... 	UNK
referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal 	UNK
he is always sympathetic . 	UNK
has fallen 	UNK
yet compelling 	UNK
, amusing 	UNK
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or 	UNK
why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ? 	UNK
do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution 	UNK
her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game 	UNK
in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary 	UNK
a weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media 	UNK
is not only the best date movie of the year 	UNK
steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films 	UNK
, you 'll like it . 	UNK
with the weak payoff 	UNK
is fantastic . 	UNK
mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . 	UNK
that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men 	UNK
if somewhat standardized , 	UNK
survives intact in bv 's re-voiced version . 	UNK
just another disjointed 	UNK
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; 	UNK
masterpieces 	UNK
clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years 	UNK
trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit 	UNK
a couple of burnt-out cylinders 	UNK
witty expose 	UNK
that is worthy of our respect 	UNK
captivating and 	UNK
with minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub . 	UNK
'd probably turn it off 	UNK
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish . 	UNK
disparate funny moments 	UNK
come with the warning 	UNK
develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times 	UNK
is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals 	UNK
is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it . 	UNK
one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie 	UNK
does n't disappoint . 	UNK
a necessary and timely one 	UNK
the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman 	UNK
appreciated a smartly written motion picture 	UNK
, quite simply , should n't have been made 	UNK
rip-off 	UNK
commanding 	UNK
where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still 	UNK
the shallow sensationalism characteristic 	UNK
transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor . 	UNK
it lacks a strong narrative 	UNK
detailed personal portrait 	UNK
but a great one 	UNK
a jarring , new-agey tone 	UNK
the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories 	UNK
a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time . 	UNK
returns with a chase to end all chases 	UNK
hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense . 	UNK
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction 	UNK
by poor casting 	UNK
be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning 	UNK
mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun 	UNK
talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing 	UNK
positive 	UNK
with the precision of the insurance actuary 	UNK
any of the signposts 	UNK
as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned 	UNK
affectation 	UNK
of playing with narrative form 	UNK
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , 	UNK
so bland 	UNK
more repetition than creativity throughout the movie 	UNK
is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio 	UNK
a collage of clichés and a dim echo of allusions to other films . 	UNK
about it will stay with you 	UNK
everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious 	UNK
destined to be measured against anthony asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation . 	UNK
, dull procession 	UNK
is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be 	UNK
introverted young men with fantasy fetishes 	UNK
an honest and loving one 	UNK
smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play . 	UNK
drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine 	UNK
into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek 	UNK
their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential 	UNK
mediocre exercise 	UNK
funny and light 	UNK
taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head 	UNK
muddled and derivative 	UNK
, excruciatingly tedious 	UNK
crisp framing 	UNK
even-flowing tone 	UNK
by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny . 	UNK
is one baaaaaaaaad movie . 	UNK
lonely and needy 	UNK
mama africa pretty much delivers on that promise . 	UNK
show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers 	UNK
on subtle ironies and visual devices 	UNK
an ill-conceived 	UNK
is told as the truth 	UNK
just bring on the battle bots , please ! 	UNK
show-stoppingly hilarious 	UNK
mainly unfunny 	UNK
dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped 	UNK
itself all too seriously 	UNK
dread encountering the most 	UNK
considerable appeal 	UNK
fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm . 	UNK
, nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate bela lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent . 	UNK
pays off 	UNK
pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons . 	UNK
by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them . 	UNK
to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state . 	UNK
are odd and pixilated 	UNK
the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss . 	UNK
punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot 	UNK
hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter 	UNK
it 's insanely violent and very graphic 	UNK
nothing short of a great one 	UNK
would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera 	UNK
alienating most viewers 	UNK
has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of general hospital . 	UNK
an enjoyable level of ridiculousness 	UNK
nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction . 	UNK
ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering . 	UNK
good video game movie 	UNK
jolt you 	UNK
had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies 	UNK
in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run 	UNK
one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society . 	UNK
's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously 	UNK
which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing 	UNK
your mind is being blown 	UNK
with wit and originality 	UNK
patience 	UNK
cliches , painful improbability and murky 	UNK
human comedy 	UNK
, then you 'll enjoy the hot chick . 	UNK
the hallmarks 	UNK
is as padded as allen 's jelly belly . 	UNK
a waste of fearless purity 	UNK
an entertaining ride 	UNK
wry comic mayhem 	UNK
bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world . 	UNK
those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen 	UNK
to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made 	UNK
seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject 	UNK
empty theaters 	UNK
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and 	UNK
recommend read my lips 	UNK
this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant 	UNK
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient . 	UNK
by the sheer beauty of his images 	UNK
neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap 	UNK
in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising 	UNK
is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow . 	UNK
makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty . 	UNK
falls to the floor with a sickening thud . 	UNK
he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything 	UNK
intellectual and emotional 	UNK
who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted 	UNK
potentially incredibly twisting mystery 	UNK
making kahlo 's art a living 	UNK
a fault 	UNK
bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work . 	UNK
wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , 	UNK
it is unwavering and arresting 	UNK
it 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and 	UNK
this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie 	UNK
is cruel 	UNK
does n't beat that one , either . 	UNK
stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel 	UNK
emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds . 	UNK
, the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series 	UNK
a completely honest , open-hearted film 	UNK
remarkable 	UNK
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one 	UNK
as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable 	UNK
manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them . 	UNK
directed , barely , 	UNK
us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity 	UNK
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter . 	UNK
an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth 	UNK
has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script . 	UNK
because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults 	UNK
the hood 	UNK
which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival 	UNK
a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up 	UNK
at its best , which occurs often , michael moore 's bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` are we a sick society ? ' 	UNK
combined with indoctrinated prejudice 	UNK
the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary . 	UNK
the universal themes , earnest performances 	UNK
ambivalence 	UNK
is that it stinks . 	UNK
hearts 	UNK
respectable summer blockbuster 	UNK
seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending 	UNK
the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years 	UNK
its hero 	UNK
, alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé . 	UNK
big , tender hug 	UNK
just about the best straight-up , 	UNK
every indulgent , indie trick 	UNK
seems a prostituted muse 	UNK
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant 	UNK
none of this sounds promising and , 	UNK
brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film 	UNK
as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air 	UNK
it 's a dish that 's best served cold 	UNK
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film ... it 's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break . 	UNK
surrounding us with hyper-artificiality 	UNK
memorable first interrogation 	UNK
wry and engrossing 	UNK
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... 	UNK
the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title 	UNK
hugely accomplished 	UNK
can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise . 	UNK
the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose 	UNK
that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew 	UNK
if you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart . 	UNK
a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation 	UNK
of clichés and borrowed images 	UNK
trapped wo n't score points for political correctness , 	UNK
poignant and uplifting story 	UNK
starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches . 	UNK
ditched the artsy pretensions 	UNK
pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success 	UNK
a concept doofus 	UNK
manages to invest real humor 	UNK
clever angle 	UNK
some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run 	UNK
is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb . 	UNK
insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 	UNK
new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply 	UNK
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound 	UNK
love head-on 	UNK
of the expressive power of the camera 	UNK
an unencouraging threefold expansion 	UNK
keep upping the ante on each other , 	UNK
banal 	UNK
the unmentionable 	UNK
a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility . 	UNK
its story just is n't worth telling 	UNK
, offering fine acting moments and pungent 	UNK
to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes 	UNK
utterly painful 	UNK
it 's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn . 	UNK
tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations 	UNK
outrageous , ingenious 	UNK
weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne . 	UNK
quite a comedy 	UNK
wannabe-hip 	UNK
look as though they are having so much fun 	UNK
peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes 	UNK
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few . 	UNK
while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad 	UNK
lynch , jeunet , and von trier 	UNK
writing and slack direction 	UNK
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , 	UNK
ah-nuld 's 	UNK
can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut 	UNK
become wearisome . 	UNK
the film jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod . 	UNK
there 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent . 	UNK
is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year 	UNK
sympathetic characters 	UNK
dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication 	UNK
captures both the beauty of the land and the people . 	UNK
is plenty of fun for all 	UNK
exquisite craftsmanship 	UNK
she strikes a potent chemistry with molina 	UNK
for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her 	UNK
love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , 	UNK
's neither original nor terribly funny 	UNK
without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing 	UNK
one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother 	UNK
of middle eastern world politics 	UNK
of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title 	UNK
might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around 	UNK
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements 	UNK
for purposes of bland hollywood romance 	UNK
if you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck . 	UNK
's often overwritten , 	UNK
overcome the problematic script 	UNK
there are some laughs in this movie , but williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak . 	UNK
( jeff 's ) gorgeous , fluid compositions , 	UNK
a true talent 	UNK
only mildly funny 	UNK
that a life like this can sound so dull 	UNK
, the journey does n't really go anywhere . 	UNK
downright hitchcockian 	UNK
lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely 	UNK
a curious sick poetry , 	UNK
favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate 	UNK
the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim 	UNK
does n't figure in the present hollywood program 	UNK
another run-of-the-mill disney sequel 	UNK
family movie 	UNK
a relative letdown . 	UNK
of disney 's great past 	UNK
painfully flat gross-out comedy 	UNK
take care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length . 	UNK
a lumbering load of hokum but 	UNK
that virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it 	UNK
all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors 	UNK
the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs 	UNK
the irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own . 	UNK
powerful and telling story 	UNK
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , and 	UNK
this kiddie-oriented stinker 	UNK
comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture . 	UNK
the rolling of a stray barrel 	UNK
odd enjoyably chewy lump 	UNK
the operative word for `` bad company 	UNK
pompous 	UNK
2-day old coke 	UNK
conventional , 	UNK
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging . 	UNK
cinematic art 	UNK
gritty , sometimes funny 	UNK
dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , 	UNK
delicious and delicately funny look 	UNK
a thoroughly entertaining comedy that 	UNK
stirring music 	UNK
lends itself to easy jokes and insults 	UNK
told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject . 	UNK
meager 	UNK
about guys and dolls 	UNK
so awful 	UNK
's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby . 	UNK
service of of others 	UNK
awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters 	UNK
considerable power 	UNK
, but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes . 	UNK
is insightful about kissinger 's background and history 	UNK
meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious 	UNK
is an actress works as well as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple 	UNK
stylish 	UNK
glow 	UNK
a classical dramatic animated feature 	UNK
best espionage picture 	UNK
drag on for nearly three hours 	UNK
the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and 	UNK
a prolific director 	UNK
barn-burningly bad movie 	UNK
squeeze the action and our emotions 	UNK
and narrative flow 	UNK
this seductive tease 	UNK
this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family . 	UNK
a serious debt to the road warrior 	UNK
the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy 	UNK
that its own action is n't very effective 	UNK
, noisy and pretentious 	UNK
a genuinely bone-chilling tale 	UNK
one the public 	UNK
but it 's worth the concentration . 	UNK
part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin 	UNK
, they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting . 	UNK
he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading 	UNK
a worthy idea 	UNK
of the little mermaid and aladdin 	UNK
the line between sappy and sanguine 	UNK
believable that you feel what they feel 	UNK
that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities 	UNK
realize your mind is being blown 	UNK
such an achievement 	UNK
engaging diatribes 	UNK
its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images 	UNK
the obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc . 	UNK
nostalgic comments 	UNK
is definitely a director to watch 	UNK
some laughs 	UNK
see this terrific film 	UNK
an oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion 	UNK
too amateurish and awkward 	UNK
although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey 	UNK
for leonard 	UNK
clichés , depression and 	UNK
an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters 	UNK
avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching 	UNK
a classic text 	UNK
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from 	UNK
it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us 	UNK
waldo salt screenwriting award 	UNK
no. 1 	UNK
a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame 	UNK
so much phone in his performance as 	UNK
you want to see it 	UNK
what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be 	UNK
hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff 	UNK
one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while 	UNK
although estela bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro 	UNK
with table manners 	UNK
illuminating 	UNK
with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life 	UNK
deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer 	UNK
remarkably insightful 	UNK
actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue 	UNK
continues to do interesting work 	UNK
unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction 	UNK
low-budget series 	UNK
give them credit for : the message of the movie 	UNK
parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults . 	UNK
shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives . 	UNK
this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year . 	UNK
be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span 	UNK
is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution . 	UNK
great monster movie 	UNK
famed 	UNK
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing 	UNK
populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes 	UNK
will likely enjoy this monster 	UNK
gives out 	UNK
that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next 	UNK
a genuine and singular artist 	UNK
joyful solo performance 	UNK
a customarily jovial air 	UNK
a joyous communal festival of rhythm 	UNK
have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat 	UNK
inherent absurdity 	UNK
of common sense 	UNK
how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 	UNK
the campaign-trail press 	UNK
the opera 's drama and lyricism 	UNK
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get 	UNK
a sense of real magic , perhaps 	UNK
is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew . 	UNK
( johnnie to and wai ka fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers . 	UNK
was longer than an hour 	UNK
the problem with all of this 	UNK
suitably kooky which should appeal to women 	UNK
a hard look at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol . 	UNK
a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans ( but by no means all ) will have fun with . 	UNK
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view 	UNK
as a vehicle to savor binoche 's skill 	UNK
recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago 	UNK
this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate . 	UNK
amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film 	UNK
of thoughtful war films and those 	UNK
is really , really stupid 	UNK
anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor 	UNK
suicidal 	UNK
empathy 	UNK
of male hustlers 	UNK
intelligent and moving 	UNK
cinematic perfection 	UNK
in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 	UNK
directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory 	UNK
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and 	UNK
catch this imax offering 	UNK
fears 	UNK
a moving story of determination and the human spirit . 	UNK
an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot 	UNK
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , 	UNK
as a soufflé gone wrong 	UNK
spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do 	UNK
is sordid and disgusting . 	UNK
also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness 	UNK
the comic elements of the premise 	UNK
the filmmaking in invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice 	UNK
in an attempt 	UNK
the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy . 	UNK
the fine line between cheese 	UNK
right down the reality drain 	UNK
by a legacy of abuse 	UNK
like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming 	UNK
weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism 	UNK
a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed 	UNK
makes for a touching love story 	UNK
makes its message resonate 	UNK
some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs. sever , were made for the palm screen . 	UNK
tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience . 	UNK
got the wildly popular vin diesel in the equation 	UNK
made a movie that is n't just offensive 	UNK
leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites 	UNK
the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief 	UNK
to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over 	UNK
a classic 	UNK
the plot weaves us into a complex web . 	UNK
humor 	UNK
enough to sustain laughs 	UNK
implausible 	UNK
come when various characters express their quirky inner selves 	UNK
a strong script 	UNK
ver wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless . 	UNK
filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 	UNK
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying 	UNK
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite 	UNK
thoroughly engrossing and 	UNK
a vibrant whirlwind 	UNK
of the very best movies 	UNK
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart . 	UNK
affable 	UNK
a thirteen-year-old 's book report 	UNK
in which the kids in the house will be gored 	UNK
a cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary . 	UNK
the charming result is festival in cannes . 	UNK
the film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen . 	UNK
turgid 	UNK
been recycled more times than i 'd care to count 	UNK
on the edge of your seat 	UNK
most third-rate horror sequels 	UNK
labored and unfunny 	UNK
a boring movie 	UNK
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach ` ke burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines . 	UNK
even more indistinct 	UNK
aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit 	UNK
time , death 	UNK
the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm 	UNK
's no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance . 	UNK
dull , unimaginative 	UNK
from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 	UNK
, amari 's film falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey . 	UNK
, it 's not too bad . 	UNK
cute alien 	UNK
fetid underbelly 	UNK
an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller . 	UNK
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process 	UNK
a flat script 	UNK
a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not . 	UNK
sentimental , hypocritical 	UNK
carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy 	UNK
splendor 	UNK
does n't add up . 	UNK
, you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor . 	UNK
this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears 	UNK
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished 	UNK
goldie hawn 	UNK
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery 	UNK
as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ? 	UNK
wonder , hope and magic 	UNK
the primitive murderer 	UNK
the journey feel like a party 	UNK
feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks . 	UNK
in narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood 	UNK
the film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture . 	UNK
is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor 	UNK
less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series 	UNK
bore . 	UNK
's not as single-minded as john carpenter 's original 	UNK
that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie 	UNK
the predictability 	UNK
starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera . 	UNK
snappy 	UNK
grows thin soon 	UNK
this is a heartfelt story ... 	UNK
add up to a biting satire that has no teeth . 	UNK
the poor and the dispossessed 	UNK
favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness 	UNK
that movie nothing 	UNK
contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more . 	UNK
mysterious , sensual , 	UNK
nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a 	UNK
of elaborate and twisted characters 	UNK
it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters 	UNK
a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point 	UNK
hate myself 	UNK
such a talented director as chen kaige 	UNK
the most oddly honest hollywood document 	UNK
of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing 	UNK
be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame 	UNK
is a fragmented film , 	UNK
perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is 	UNK
a smart little indie . 	UNK
tv sitcom material 	UNK
is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 	UNK
weaves us into a complex web . 	UNK
the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes 	UNK
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating . 	UNK
characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle . 	UNK
enjoyed it 	UNK
like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation 	UNK
a bad movie , just mediocre 	UNK
on other levels 	UNK
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor 	UNK
master craftsmen 	UNK
can detract from the affection of that moral favorite 	UNK
a remarkable film by bernard rose 	UNK
, do n't bother . 	UNK
long , 	UNK
the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten . 	UNK
high romance , brought off with considerable wit 	UNK
just plain bad . 	UNK
completely awful 	UNK
( fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall ) 	UNK
morvern rocks . 	UNK
love stories you will ever see 	UNK
offers nothing 	UNK
intimidated by both her subject matter and 	UNK
totally unnecessary prologue 	UNK
herzog has fallen 	UNK
sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices 	UNK
's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship 	UNK
and people make fun of me for liking showgirls . 	UNK
the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine 	UNK
silly , stupid and pointless 	UNK
is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience . 	UNK
a tribute to the power of women to heal 	UNK
though jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape 	UNK
present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness 	UNK
... irritating soul-searching garbage . 	UNK
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , 	UNK
an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut 	UNK
naiveté and 	UNK
suspense , surprise and 	UNK
coming through in the end 	UNK
devoid of wit and humor 	UNK
like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry 	UNK
a brazenly misguided project 	UNK
those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today 	UNK
make `` the good girl '' a film worth watching 	UNK
developed characters 	UNK
with the transparent attempts at moralizing 	UNK
a singularly off-putting romantic comedy . 	UNK
is visually dazzling 	UNK
to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies 	UNK
give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` 	UNK
steadfast 	UNK
rare drama 	UNK
hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span 	UNK
that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending 	UNK
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished . 	UNK
too clichéd and too often strains credulity 	UNK
for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks 	UNK
once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film 	UNK
possibly the sturdiest example yet 	UNK
this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship 's heart 	UNK
feel like a 10-course banquet . 	UNK
boilerplate clichés 	UNK
is ) a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie . 	UNK
observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 	UNK
at best , cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience . 	UNK
the gross-out comedy 	UNK
interesting and at times captivating 	UNK
delightfully rendered 	UNK
chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back 	UNK
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit 	UNK
offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory 	UNK
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating . 	UNK
be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture 	UNK
the charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film 's problems . 	UNK
carries us effortlessly from darkness to light 	UNK
will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen george roy hill 's 1973 film , `` the sting . 	UNK
in the annals of cinema 	UNK
completely awful iranian drama ... 	UNK
be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality 	UNK
to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff 	UNK
peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper 	UNK
in a new way 	UNK
one of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of 	UNK
mean 	UNK
noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching 	UNK
're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans 	UNK
this nonsensical story 	UNK
have a sense of humor 	UNK
see the attraction for the sole reason 	UNK
that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad 	UNK
this unrelenting bleak insistence 	UNK
an mtv , sugar hysteria 	UNK
live a rich and full life 	UNK
a sloppy , amusing comedy 	UNK
for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears 	UNK
there 's no art here 	UNK
originality ai n't on the menu , 	UNK
` terrorists 	UNK
plain dumb 	UNK
an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick 	UNK
wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , 	UNK
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington the actor 	UNK
unspeakably , 	UNK
`` goddammit 	UNK
it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . 	UNK
it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived . 	UNK
reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism 	UNK
cool 	UNK
is n't really one of resources 	UNK
have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted 	UNK
is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations 	UNK
're more likely to enjoy on a computer 	UNK
dredge up 	UNK
a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary 	UNK
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and 	UNK
, no matter how degraded things get . 	UNK
adventurous young talent 	UNK
if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks 	UNK
not to have been edited at all 	UNK
's so successful at lodging itself in the brain 	UNK
it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life 	UNK
work as shallow entertainment , 	UNK
familiar and tired 	UNK
'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair 	UNK
with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and 	UNK
they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort 	UNK
rambling and incoherent manifesto 	UNK
better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style 	UNK
greatest 	UNK
great fun 	UNK
life-affirming moments 	UNK
the film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold . 	UNK
an intimacy 	UNK
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold . 	UNK
lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious 	UNK
interestingly 	UNK
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appears on the screen . 	UNK
unencouraging threefold expansion 	UNK
harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research . 	UNK
crowd-pleaser 	UNK
is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think . 	UNK
from grace that still leaves shockwaves 	UNK
bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen 	UNK
to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff 	UNK
does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes . 	UNK
so sloppy 	UNK
stylishly directed with verve 	UNK
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny 	UNK
a good-natured ensemble comedy 	UNK
it 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful . 	UNK
damned compelling 	UNK
a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good 	UNK
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should . 	UNK
roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion . 	UNK
a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter 	UNK
of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images 	UNK
is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts 	UNK
, absurd , 	UNK
may find it uninteresting 	UNK
some very good acting , 	UNK
it overstays its natural running time 	UNK
skillfully 	UNK
a riveting profile 	UNK
most repugnant adaptation 	UNK
the humans are acting like puppets 	UNK
you 're enlightened by any of derrida 's 	UNK
stale , futile scenario 	UNK
hungry-man portions of bad ' 	UNK
in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling 	UNK
there 's nothing resembling a spine here 	UNK
's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter 	UNK
in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion 	UNK
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing . 	UNK
a compelling french psychological drama 	UNK
captivating coming-of-age story 	UNK
its funny moments 	UNK
the movie 's progression into rambling incoherence 	UNK
more than a tepid 	UNK
, it might just be the movie you 're looking for . 	UNK
the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next . 	UNK
there 's nothing very attractive about this movie 	UNK
got a place in your heart 	UNK
delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion . 	UNK
wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies 	UNK
... spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative . 	UNK
expect from movies 	UNK
a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy . 	UNK
has a number of holes 	UNK
is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years . 	UNK
philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron 	UNK
the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle ' 	UNK
builds its multi-character story with a flourish 	UNK
diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly 	UNK
solidly entertaining 	UNK
consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment 	UNK
humanizing 	UNK
a torn book jacket 	UNK
a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period 	UNK
watching junk 	UNK
triple x 	UNK
, but slow 	UNK
is a disaster 	UNK
to paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel 	UNK
its rough edges 	UNK
has plenty of laughs 	UNK
as imperious 	UNK
, you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful . 	UNK
is as delightful as it is derivative . 	UNK
turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts 	UNK
does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films . 	UNK
staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby 	UNK
is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack 	UNK
with raw urban humor 	UNK
incredible 	UNK
cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge 	UNK
match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 	UNK
has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults 	UNK
worthy successor 	UNK
genteel and 	UNK
is an interesting movie 	UNK
often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it 's very much like life itself . 	UNK
putrid 	UNK
a casual intelligence 	UNK
well-conceived 	UNK
overall feelings , broader ideas , 	UNK
's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it 	UNK
the movie 's messages are quite admirable , 	UNK
too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary 	UNK
a gentle film 	UNK
a new treasure 	UNK
emphasizes the well-wrought story 	UNK
forced 	UNK
lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences 	UNK
epiphanies 	UNK
sweet and sexy film 	UNK
infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane . 	UNK
derived from a lobotomy 	UNK
it squanders chan 's uniqueness ; 	UNK
admire the film 's stately nature and 	UNK
in its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation . 	UNK
the right frame of mind 	UNK
superficial humor 	UNK
be consumed and forgotten 	UNK
deliver remarkable performances 	UNK
intolerable 	UNK
he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle 	UNK
unabashedly hopeful 	UNK
contrived sequels 	UNK
of the best and most exciting movies 	UNK
simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 	UNK
her agreeably startling use 	UNK
at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth . 	UNK
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist 	UNK
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted 	UNK
is an inspirational love story 	UNK
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience . 	UNK
why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is 	UNK
does n't work 	UNK
the unsalvageability 	UNK
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party 	UNK
that are damned in queen of the damned 	UNK
it 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert 	UNK
a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life 	UNK
will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter 	UNK
rip-roaring 	UNK
straight out of a cellular phone commercial 	UNK
funny , sexy , 	UNK
harm 	UNK
so many false scares 	UNK
as warm as it is wise 	UNK
wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . 	UNK
regret and 	UNK
of oscar wilde 's classic satire 	UNK
the modern masculine journey 	UNK
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious 	UNK
thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor 	UNK
a compassionate 	UNK
murk 	UNK
what he does best 	UNK
confusing on one level or another , 	UNK
bertrand tavernier 's 	UNK
nightmare 	UNK
with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni 	UNK
loneliness can make people act weird 	UNK
a loud , witless mess that 	UNK
birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns . 	UNK
mothers 	UNK
makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance 	UNK
the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , 	UNK
, graceless , hackneyed 	UNK
insufferable ball 	UNK
who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	UNK
of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers 	UNK
john le carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders 	UNK
engrossing portrait 	UNK
disappointing to a certain degree 	UNK
, the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression . 	UNK
amazingly 	UNK
cold porridge 	UNK
witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions . 	UNK
they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination . 	UNK
this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes . 	UNK
a total rehash 	UNK
turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing 	UNK
insightful and entertaining 	UNK
a bland , pretentious mess . 	UNK
subtle ironies 	UNK
hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels . 	UNK
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers 	UNK
even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic 	UNK
it 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled . 	UNK
drags the film down . 	UNK
takes you somewhere 	UNK
he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure 	UNK
convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them 	UNK
has about 25 minutes of decent material . 	UNK
the best korean film 	UNK
has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes . 	UNK
people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks 	UNK
in one forum or another 	UNK
held my attention 	UNK
smart-aleck 	UNK
fall dreadfully short 	UNK
transcendent 	UNK
phlegmatic 	UNK
could hate it for the same reason . 	UNK
an epic 	UNK
, it 's the very definition of epic adventure . 	UNK
when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable 	UNK
lushness 	UNK
has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid 	UNK
with square conviction 	UNK
for all its brilliant touches 	UNK
car to drive through 	UNK
a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast 	UNK
better film 	UNK
little farm melodrama . 	UNK
tight 	UNK
i firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon . 	UNK
's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity 	UNK
the feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept 	UNK
think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with 	UNK
the real issues 	UNK
developed with more care 	UNK
it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho . 	UNK
a visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this . 	UNK
similarly themed 	UNK
the town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial 	UNK
tiresome 	UNK
centers 	UNK
a weird and wonderful comedy . 	UNK
has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half . 	UNK
rare depth 	UNK
'' wanted and quite honestly 	UNK
hypnotically dull 	UNK
feels as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something . 	UNK
mess ... 	UNK
lusty , boisterous and utterly charming 	UNK
incongruous summer playoff 	UNK
similarly ill-timed 	UNK
you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine . 	UNK
a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year 	UNK
the vagueness 	UNK
lacking about everything 	UNK
its predictability 	UNK
checkout 	UNK
this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars 	UNK
than romantic 	UNK
funny situations and 	UNK
gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic . 	UNK
may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping . 	UNK
a simple misfire 	UNK
an achingly enthralling premise 	UNK
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand 	UNK
for an older one 	UNK
that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk 	UNK
nutty cliches and far too much 	UNK
a loose collection 	UNK
enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out 	UNK
( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull 	UNK
its visual merits 	UNK
elegant , mannered and teasing . 	UNK
the mushy finale 	UNK
crisp and purposeful without overdoing it 	UNK
emotionally honest 	UNK
's a terrible movie in every regard , 	UNK
as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care . 	UNK
, is a note of defiance over social dictates . 	UNK
amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community 	UNK
geriatric dirty harry , 	UNK
dazzling panoramic shots 	UNK
a poem to the enduring strengths of women 	UNK
the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games 	UNK
us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time 	UNK
should please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel . 	UNK
like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp . 	UNK
the drama discloses almost nothing . 	UNK
an idea of expectation 	UNK
dutiful precision 	UNK
to many clichés 	UNK
real film 	UNK
more mature than fatal attraction , 	UNK
paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party 	UNK
squanders chan 's uniqueness 	UNK
rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 . 	UNK
a great writer and 	UNK
entertaining 	UNK
blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings 	UNK
be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies 	UNK
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but 	UNK
about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook 	UNK
same easy targets 	UNK
, four-star movie 	UNK
you 'll end up moved . 	UNK
's never dull and always looks good . 	UNK
with a sickening thud 	UNK
a prolific director of music videos 	UNK
emotionally complex 	UNK
us 	UNK
with a flimsy ending 	UNK
outlandish 	UNK
into forced fuzziness 	UNK
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this . 	UNK
spectacular 	UNK
even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators 	UNK
the re-release of ron howard 's apollo 13 in the imax format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages . 	UNK
how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and 	UNK
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film . 	UNK
most of the problems with the film 	UNK
it 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series . 	UNK
like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing 	UNK
wit and hoopla 	UNK
without much of a story 	UNK
this is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer . 	UNK
presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves 	UNK
is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell . 	UNK
true and heartbreaking 	UNK
, like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes . 	UNK
lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks 	UNK
than anything that 's been done before 	UNK
is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down 	UNK
provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche . 	UNK
unbearable 	UNK
lacking in chills 	UNK
a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord . 	UNK
the solid filmmaking and convincing characters 	UNK
is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks . 	UNK
practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over 	UNK
a calculating fiend 	UNK
wickedly funny , visually engrossing 	UNK
if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material . 	UNK
( other than the very sluggish pace ) 	UNK
failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations 	UNK
ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie 	UNK
` fatal script error 	UNK
the director 's epitaph for himself 	UNK
the rich and sudden wisdom , the film 	UNK
a war tribute 	UNK
a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece 	UNK
what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip 	UNK
you 'd swear you 	UNK
insipid , brutally clueless 	UNK
slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves 	UNK
discomfort and embarrassment 	UNK
is not entirely successful 	UNK
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , 	UNK
is about as deep as that sentiment 	UNK
, you feel alive - which is what they did 	UNK
bring tissues 	UNK
replaced by goth goofiness 	UNK
fresh and absorbing look 	UNK
a one-trick pony 	UNK
dreadfully short 	UNK
the mediocre end of the pool 	UNK
the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers 	UNK
too sappy 	UNK
often hilarious 	UNK
seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception . 	UNK
why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear 	UNK
offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film . 	UNK
compelling piece 	UNK
half-baked setups 	UNK
distinguished and thoughtful film 	UNK
all awkward , static , 	UNK
ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over . 	UNK
jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt 	UNK
thoughtful and surprisingly affecting 	UNK
sloughs one 's way 	UNK
for blade ii 	UNK
his films so memorable 	UNK
overdoing 	UNK
time is a beautiful film to watch 	UNK
gritty realism and magic realism 	UNK
induces headaches more slowly 	UNK
true believer 	UNK
to fulfill its own ambitious goals 	UNK
determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action 	UNK
without any passion 	UNK
limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or 	UNK
more and more abhorrent 	UNK
visually stunning rumination 	UNK
filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting 	UNK
be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen 	UNK
a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half 	UNK
still manages to string together enough charming moments to work . 	UNK
, stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness . 	UNK
works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters . 	UNK
that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk 	UNK
maintained 	UNK
the natural affability that has made tucker a star 	UNK
totally exemplify 	UNK
is somewhat satisfying 	UNK
an engaging fantasy of flavors and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book 	UNK
are in perfect balance 	UNK
the the wisdom and humor 	UNK
to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt 	UNK
among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism 	UNK
silly and crude storyline 	UNK
an interesting movie 	UNK
with clever dialogue and likeable characters 	UNK
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull 	UNK
, it succeeds . 	UNK
with notorious c.h.o. cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy . 	UNK
india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh 	UNK
is always welcome 	UNK
impossible as it may sound 	UNK
, you ca n't miss it . 	UNK
more often than not hits the bullseye 	UNK
from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal 	UNK
, long-suffering but cruel 	UNK
by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over . 	UNK
bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay 	UNK
it 's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics . 	UNK
is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time 	UNK
are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya 	UNK
creeping 	UNK
sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling 	UNK
great cinema 	UNK
is one of those films that aims to confuse 	UNK
directorial touch 	UNK
are paper thin 	UNK
improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen 	UNK
the parents 	UNK
jaw-droppingly 	UNK
shallow rumination 	UNK
and , through it all , human 	UNK
call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie 	UNK
, runteldat is something of a triumph . 	UNK
shabby script 	UNK
consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt . 	UNK
) ensure that the film is never dull 	UNK
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter 	UNK
a real film 	UNK
go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery 	UNK
stylish cinematography 	UNK
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , 	UNK
best star trek movie 	UNK
a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable 	UNK
together familiar themes 	UNK
famed charisma 	UNK
by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks 	UNK
a well-made evocation 	UNK
personal tragedy and also the human comedy 	UNK
genial 	UNK
by labored writing and slack direction 	UNK
it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . ' 	UNK
love this 	UNK
a clever adaptation 	UNK
troubled 	UNK
it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression . 	UNK
been given the drive of a narrative 	UNK
why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , i did n't care . 	UNK
just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work . 	UNK
because it aims so low 	UNK
lacks the inspiration of the original and 	UNK
babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... 	UNK
shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was . 	UNK
it 's moving 	UNK
relative 	UNK
a heart , mind or humor 	UNK
works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters 	UNK
not to mention a convincing brogue 	UNK
are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) 	UNK
the aaa of action 	UNK
big heart 	UNK
drama , conflict , tears and surprise 	UNK
'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled 	UNK
surprises you 	UNK
his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy 	UNK
another useless recycling of a brutal mid - 	UNK
the `` a '' range 	UNK
carries a charge of genuine excitement 	UNK
too bad . 	UNK
as artificial and soulless 	UNK
denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him 	UNK
answered 	UNK
until the final act 	UNK
neat trick 	UNK
become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past 	UNK
benefits 	UNK
have to see this 	UNK
need a playful respite 	UNK
of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience 	UNK
is one helluva singer . 	UNK
to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing 	UNK
indulges in the worst elements of all of them . 	UNK
, meditative 	UNK
like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create . 	UNK
which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler 	UNK
frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home 	UNK
dysfunctional drama 	UNK
such a perfect medium 	UNK
chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss 	UNK
unoriginal mess 	UNK
a realistically terrifying movie 	UNK
fans clamoring for another ride 	UNK
well-thought stunts or a car chase 	UNK
could n't stand to hear 	UNK
the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan 	UNK
a knowing sense of humor 	UNK
amusing characters 	UNK
about the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time . 	UNK
about schmidt belongs to nicholson . 	UNK
deeper and more engaging . 	UNK
the rich promise 	UNK
delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , 	UNK
cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as i 'm the one that i want ... 	UNK
one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up 	UNK
all in all , it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own . 	UNK
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen . 	UNK
bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly . 	UNK
roman coppola 's brief pretentious period 	UNK
a quietly introspective portrait 	UNK
in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny 	UNK
, it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast 	UNK
an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one . 	UNK
duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper . 	UNK
veers into corny sentimentality , 	UNK
directed and convincingly acted . 	UNK
mind crappy movies as much 	UNK
no substitute for on-screen chemistry 	UNK
toss it 	UNK
the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and 	UNK
the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats 	UNK
especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull 	UNK
if the tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special . 	UNK
finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality 	UNK
be all too familiar 	UNK
disturb 	UNK
one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty 	UNK
emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears 	UNK
nothing more than four or five mild chuckles 	UNK
sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments . 	UNK
a success 	UNK
the worst sense of the expression 	UNK
i have to admit that i am baffled by jason x. 	UNK
of war 	UNK
embraces life 	UNK
compelling dramatic 	UNK
fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences 	UNK
a big , tender hug 	UNK
this rude and crude film 	UNK
do justice to the awfulness of the movie , 	UNK
supremely 	UNK
coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots 	UNK
little too obvious , 	UNK
would fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special 	UNK
grandness 	UNK
seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither 	UNK
smart 	UNK
as a story of dramatic enlightenment 	UNK
boredom to the point of collapse , 	UNK
family warmth 	UNK
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do 	UNK
sometimes is a gem . 	UNK
good 	UNK
that tells us nothing new 	UNK
be considered career-best performances 	UNK
a good thriller . 	UNK
, when the now computerized yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . 	UNK
the re - enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well . 	UNK
the barn-burningly bad movie 	UNK
powerful , naturally dramatic 	UNK
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms 	UNK
create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows 	UNK
to be pleasant in spite of its predictability 	UNK
in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity 	UNK
humor throughout 	UNK
were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone 	UNK
charisma and ability 	UNK
marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it . 	UNK
in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight . 	UNK
mentally `` superior '' friends 	UNK
posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse 	UNK
an enjoyable level 	UNK
may just scare the pants off you . 	UNK
shameless attempt 	UNK
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , 	UNK
that memorable , 	UNK
almost as offensive as `` freddy got fingered . '' 	UNK
gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways 	UNK
help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something 	UNK
watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard . 	UNK
flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation 	UNK
mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious 	UNK
redemption 	UNK
i have a confession to make : i did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy . 	UNK
should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films . 	UNK
hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress 	UNK
forced drama 	UNK
... is dudsville . 	UNK
as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year 	UNK
this tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same . 	UNK
might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies 	UNK
of a legal thriller 	UNK
'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike 	UNK
a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy 	UNK
sluggish , tonally uneven 	UNK
manages a neat trick 	UNK
see this piece of crap 	UNK
have fun 	UNK
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie . 	UNK
how inseparable the two are 	UNK
another `` best man '' 	UNK
is simply brilliant 	UNK
drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story . 	UNK
pity and 	UNK
given a part worthy of her considerable talents 	UNK
soggy performances 	UNK
impersonal and 	UNK
bug-eye theater and dead-eye 	UNK
wildly overproduced , 	UNK
a physique to match 	UNK
feel-bad 	UNK
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time . 	UNK
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times 	UNK
of a growing strain of daring films 	UNK
like peace 	UNK
savvy street activism 	UNK
supremely hopeful cautionary tale 	UNK
it should be done cinematically 	UNK
set in a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york 	UNK
whose sharp intellect 	UNK
a consistent tone 	UNK
it is a whole lot of fun 	UNK
this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn . 	UNK
do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit 	UNK
will enjoy . 	UNK
for the under-7 crowd 	UNK
the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen 	UNK
remarkably cohesive whole 	UNK
blustery movie 	UNK
mostly , ( goldbacher ) just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human . 	UNK
is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings 	UNK
, you should avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake . 	UNK
his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend 	UNK
make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate 	UNK
memorable character creations 	UNK
no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander 's uninspired story . 	UNK
splendor 	UNK
mazel tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage . 	UNK
is the most disappointing woody allen movie 	UNK
a finely written , 	UNK
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire 	UNK
even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski , it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken . 	UNK
under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater 	UNK
the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad . 	UNK
thoroughly awful movie 	UNK
a breezy blend 	UNK
a charming and evoking little ditty 	UNK
debuts by an esteemed writer-actor 	UNK
thoughtfully written 	UNK
sub-formulaic 	UNK
the long list of renegade-cop tales 	UNK
watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy . 	UNK
muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure 	UNK
's exploitive without being insightful . 	UNK
the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are 	UNK
an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn 	UNK
it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come 	UNK
every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians 	UNK
bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes 	UNK
to see over and over again 	UNK
generic drama 	UNK
one of the most highly-praised disappointments i 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time . 	UNK
us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing 	UNK
feel alive - which is what they did 	UNK
i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was 	UNK
chafing 	UNK
on a board 	UNK
the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back 	UNK
those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up . 	UNK
reeking 	UNK
who would not likely be so stupid as to get 	UNK
a highly watchable , giggly little story 	UNK
said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees 	UNK
dialogue and preposterous moments 	UNK
choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary 	UNK
is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins . 	UNK
was kind of terrific 	UNK
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but 	UNK
weighs down his capricious fairy-tale 	UNK
damn funny 	UNK
alone is worth the price of admission . 	UNK
will nevertheless find moving . 	UNK
does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events . 	UNK
by its smallness 	UNK
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie 	UNK
to scoring high for originality of plot 	UNK
a banal spiritual quest 	UNK
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration , but 	UNK
tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence 	UNK
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but 	UNK
solid acting and 	UNK
joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery 	UNK
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) 	UNK
their quirky and fearless ability 	UNK
drooling over michael idemoto as michael 	UNK
often imaginative 	UNK
great scares 	UNK
ill-conceived and expensive project 	UNK
rhetoric and cliché 	UNK
mitch davis 's wall of kitsch hard going 	UNK
photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life 	UNK
a few nice twists 	UNK
die hideously 	UNK
well-intentioned , 	UNK
, colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee . 	UNK
recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile 	UNK
that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as 	UNK
becomes more specimen than character 	UNK
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory . 	UNK
is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . 	UNK
lazy , miserable and smug . 	UNK
consider a dvd rental instead 	UNK
and no one ) 	UNK
, i.e. peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable 	UNK
oddballs 	UNK
angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale . 	UNK
you wanting more 	UNK
smart and fun 	UNK
see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it 	UNK
remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one . 	UNK
the premise itself is just sooooo tired . 	UNK
lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise 	UNK
will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice 	UNK
reveals itself slowly , intelligently 	UNK
as a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious . 	UNK
for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse 	UNK
are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis 	UNK
correctly 	UNK
's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety . 	UNK
a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism 	UNK
, harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore . 	UNK
be significantly different ( and better ) than most films 	UNK
of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version 	UNK
a comedy as i 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material 	UNK
self-hating , self-destructive ways 	UNK
of the other foul substances 	UNK
one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them 	UNK
enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast 	UNK
the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer 	UNK
too crazy 	UNK
a fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming . 	UNK
would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor . 	UNK
things that elevate `` glory '' above most of its ilk 	UNK
lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo . 	UNK
deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications . 	UNK
could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors . 	UNK
drags 	UNK
in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise 	UNK
give the transcendent performance 	UNK
they succeed 	UNK
it 's not only dull because we 've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed . 	UNK
love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew 	UNK
she might not make for a while 	UNK
is wrong in its sequel 	UNK
the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films 	UNK
of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car 	UNK
with enough negatives 	UNK
a charmer from belgium . 	UNK
try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward 	UNK
in such a potentially sudsy set-up 	UNK
a poetic 	UNK
a kind of abstract guilt 	UNK
but mush-hearted . 	UNK
a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess 	UNK
make it unexpectedly rewarding 	UNK
two fine actors , morgan freeman 	UNK
made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 	UNK
at least one damn fine 	UNK
a lighthearted comedy 	UNK
pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness 	UNK
built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness 	UNK
any number of metaphorical readings 	UNK
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept . 	UNK
dared to mess with some powerful people 	UNK
has one strike against it 	UNK
i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill 	UNK
a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation 	UNK
sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema . 	UNK
delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride . 	UNK
with an action movie that actually has a brain 	UNK
a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity . 	UNK
by flashes of mordant humor 	UNK
congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it 	UNK
juicy 	UNK
he creates 	UNK
an enjoyable film in its own right 	UNK
going at a rapid pace 	UNK
only obscure the message 	UNK
unhappy 	UNK
a comic fan 	UNK
somewhat flawed , 	UNK
as rude and profane 	UNK
is just too original to be ignored . 	UNK
that no wise men will be following after it 	UNK
i do n't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie 	UNK
narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it . 	UNK
exceeds expectations 	UNK
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as 	UNK
a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title 	UNK
've been trying to forget 	UNK
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak 	UNK
nonsensical and formulaic 	UNK
astonishingly pivotal 	UNK
first-class , natural acting 	UNK
's far too tragic 	UNK
be moved by this drama 	UNK
it concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt . 	UNK
should be interesting 	UNK
a guiltless film for nice evening out . 	UNK
unfolds predictably 	UNK
like it was worth your seven bucks , 	UNK
is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance 	UNK
sight gags 	UNK
a pleasant distraction , a friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn 	UNK
each one of these people stand out and 	UNK
fine music 	UNK
one of the greatest date movies in years 	UNK
ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film 	UNK
triple x is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude . 	UNK
this did n't connect with me would require another viewing 	UNK
eerily suspenseful 	UNK
is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought 	UNK
, but it 's great cinematic polemic 	UNK
be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme 	UNK
the incredible imax sound system 	UNK
, flat dialogue 	UNK
moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction 	UNK
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but 	UNK
some of the best special effects 	UNK
really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages 	UNK
offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film 	UNK
a naturally funny film 	UNK
millions of eager fans 	UNK
callow 	UNK
... contains very few laughs and even less surprises . 	UNK
it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work . 	UNK
a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies 	UNK
itself is just sooooo tired . 	UNK
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study 	UNK
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances 	UNK
sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film 	UNK
promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people . 	UNK
a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits 	UNK
screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter 	UNK
make a splash even greater 	UNK
the plot grows thin soon 	UNK
his own preoccupations and obsessions 	UNK
heroic 	UNK
, unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema . 	UNK
is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation . 	UNK
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and 	UNK
give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity 	UNK
it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness 	UNK
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling . 	UNK
deep or 	UNK
lacking any sense of commitment 	UNK
, the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions . 	UNK
rigid and 	UNK
merely ( and literally ) tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense . 	UNK
santa gives gifts to grownups 	UNK
of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction 	UNK
dreary and 	UNK
spiritual journey 	UNK
and , in the end , not well enough 	UNK
grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length 	UNK
is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 	UNK
although this idea is `` new '' 	UNK
a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements 	UNK
falling into the hollywood trap and 	UNK
can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school 	UNK
, only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch 	UNK
curiously , super troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length . 	UNK
enjoyably fast-moving 	UNK
earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable 	UNK
the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen 	UNK
that trademark grin of his 	UNK
the group 's playful spark 	UNK
are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material . 	UNK
claude chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements . 	UNK
makes a great impression 	UNK
is destined to be the 21st century 's new `` conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal 	UNK
's nice to see piscopo again after all these years 	UNK
elegance 	UNK
it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive 	UNK
raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids 	UNK
entertain or inspire its viewers 	UNK
more than it does cathartic truth telling 	UNK
once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends 	UNK
has all the wiggling energy of young kitten 	UNK
is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year 	UNK
comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be 	UNK
sticks with its subjects a little longer 	UNK
nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful . 	UNK
even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting 	UNK
terry is a sort of geriatric dirty harry , which will please eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man . 	UNK
no such thing is hartley 's least accessible screed yet . 	UNK
for happiness 	UNK
reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone 	UNK
wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses 	UNK
accept the characters and the film , flaws and all 	UNK
an intelligent romantic thriller 	UNK
of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny 	UNK
looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , 	UNK
if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : you want the story to go on and on . 	UNK
a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads 	UNK
a penetrating , potent exploration 	UNK
is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem . 	UNK
offering fine acting moments 	UNK
ups 	UNK
have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies 	UNK
`` interesting '' 	UNK
the concept of loss 	UNK
maintaining a light touch 	UNK
without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue 	UNK
somewhat satisfying 	UNK
cutes 	UNK
recycled and dumbed-down version 	UNK
powerhouse 	UNK
a realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales 	UNK
an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos 	UNK
, this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday . 	UNK
is high on squaddie banter , 	UNK
soar . 	UNK
at his most critically insightful 	UNK
who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer 	UNK
messy and 	UNK
superficial treatment 	UNK
feels a bit anachronistic . 	UNK
harks 	UNK
take movies by storm 	UNK
compassion , good-natured humor 	UNK
absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , 	UNK
its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . ' 	UNK
it 's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting . 	UNK
humorously 	UNK
looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here 	UNK
what does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ? 	UNK
emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective . 	UNK
uncomfortably timely , relevant 	UNK
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... 	UNK
is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce . 	UNK
holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them 	UNK
and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics 	UNK
rambles 	UNK
ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory . 	UNK
at every faltering half-step of its development 	UNK
with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do 	UNK
blustery 	UNK
feeling guilty for it 	UNK
gloomy film noir veil 	UNK
very amusing 	UNK
miss you . 	UNK
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say 	UNK
is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story . 	UNK
unwavering and arresting 	UNK
an uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films 	UNK
ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar 	UNK
is doomed by its smallness 	UNK
the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms. sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine . 	UNK
dylan kidd 	UNK
is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend . ' 	UNK
's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 	UNK
as each of them searches for their place in the world , miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . 	UNK
rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby . 	UNK
connect with on any deeper level 	UNK
entertaining film 	UNK
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- 	UNK
more challenging or depressing 	UNK
could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower . 	UNK
takes a classic story 	UNK
all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon 	UNK
fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , 	UNK
reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth 	UNK
is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be . 	UNK
a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film 	UNK
has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) . 	UNK
mushy 	UNK
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present 	UNK
flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace 	UNK
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile 	UNK
they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset . 	UNK
's hard to stop watching 	UNK
is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground 	UNK
despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively heavy . 	UNK
followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects 	UNK
are fascinating 	UNK
, notorious c.h.o. hits all the verbal marks it should . 	UNK
( depending upon where you live ) 	UNK
for no better reason 	UNK
itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers 	UNK
's a hellish , 	UNK
a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film 	UNK
too much resonance 	UNK
he allows a gawky actor like spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range . 	UNK
even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream . 	UNK
find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere 	UNK
lost his touch , 	UNK
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series 	UNK
to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks 	UNK
in the pants 	UNK
makes a better travelogue than movie . 	UNK
the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme 	UNK
santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative . 	UNK
sweet home alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped . 	UNK
more forced than usual 	UNK
make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation 	UNK
nicely shot 	UNK
excruciatingly unfunny 	UNK
complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way 	UNK
bad animation and 	UNK
the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head . 	UNK
a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` memento '' 	UNK
grows boring despite the scenery . 	UNK
pipe dream does have its charms . 	UNK
what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions 	UNK
the feeble examples 	UNK
shyamalan 's gifts 	UNK
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage 	UNK
inquisitive 	UNK
from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story 	UNK
it does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events . 	UNK
cerebral and cinemantic flair 	UNK
is every bit as fascinating 	UNK
in frustration 	UNK
childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice 	UNK
is as serious as a pink slip . 	UNK
see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 	UNK
went over my head or -- considering just 	UNK
outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie 	UNK
return to never land is reliable 	UNK
boring man 	UNK
mike leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life 	UNK
to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions 	UNK
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates . 	UNK
experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort 	UNK
it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion 	UNK
kinnear ... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers . 	UNK
is frustratingly unconvincing . 	UNK
, those farts got to my inner nine-year-old 	UNK
better vehicle 	UNK
works well enough 	UNK
from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams 	UNK
while the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation . 	UNK
a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over 	UNK
for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy 	UNK
one of the most incoherent features in recent memory . 	UNK
like a grinning jack o ' lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded . 	UNK
go to a picture-perfect beach 	UNK
's unique and quirky about canadians 	UNK
a charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface 	UNK
before indigestion sets 	UNK
treat for its depiction 	UNK
beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork 	UNK
a polished and vastly entertaining caper 	UNK
with considerable wit 	UNK
arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year 	UNK
should n't the reality seem at least passably real 	UNK
whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter 	UNK
comprehend it 	UNK
the best movies 	UNK
the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam ` ron seal the deal 	UNK
is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex . 	UNK
the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation 	UNK
been preferable 	UNK
frank capra 's classic 	UNK
there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie . 	UNK
to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment 	UNK
important 	UNK
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes 	UNK
who are nearly impossible to care about 	UNK
do a little fleeing of its own 	UNK
this gentle comedy 	UNK
far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , 	UNK
misfire 	UNK
putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- 	UNK
contentious configurations 	UNK
a bad premise , 	UNK
druggy and self-indulgent 	UNK
the movie is amateurish , but 	UNK
with an avid interest in the subject 	UNK
like legally blonde and sweet home abomination 	UNK
candid , archly funny and deeply authentic 	UNK
delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for . 	UNK
on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people 	UNK
that 's been given the drive of a narrative and 	UNK
concrete story 	UNK
his kids to watch too many barney videos 	UNK
anguished performance 	UNK
truly 	UNK
of the best silly horror movies 	UNK
it 's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough . 	UNK
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate . 	UNK
to check this one out 	UNK
beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm . 	UNK
stuffy , 	UNK
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening 	UNK
into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy 	UNK
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar 	UNK
, it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma . 	UNK
had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility 	UNK
nice album 	UNK
too many `` serious issues '' 	UNK
will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated 	UNK
it does n't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity . 	UNK
the problem with `` xxx '' is that its own action is n't very effective . 	UNK
` it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . ' 	UNK
a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s 	UNK
of the darkest variety 	UNK
, it 's just another sports drama/character study . 	UNK
decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy 	UNK
like lint in a fat man 's navel 	UNK
elegantly 	UNK
the year 's worst cinematic tragedies 	UNK
amuse or entertain them 	UNK
a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions 	UNK
dave barry 's popular book 	UNK
dull , simple-minded and stereotypical 	UNK
he 's afraid of his best-known creation 	UNK
walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked 	UNK
is clearly not zhang 's forte 	UNK
, ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' . 	UNK
talented 	UNK
real heart 	UNK
an empty , purposeless exercise . 	UNK
make this worth a peek 	UNK
gentle comedy 	UNK
soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film . 	UNK
that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison 	UNK
grade-grubbers 	UNK
sparking debate and encouraging thought 	UNK
to the most enchanting film of the year 	UNK
highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated 	UNK
chronically 	UNK
alive 	UNK
it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system . 	UNK
a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park 's . 	UNK
has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - 	UNK
pissed 	UNK
little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2 	UNK
a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good 	UNK
flopped as surely 	UNK
believe that a life like this can sound so dull 	UNK
this movie loves women at all 	UNK
is never satisfactory 	UNK
inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , 	UNK
like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery . 	UNK
ca n't support the epic treatment 	UNK
shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished . 	UNK
the grind to refresh our souls 	UNK
call it a work of art 	UNK
the most part a useless movie , even with 	UNK
lost in the murk of its own making 	UNK
's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas . 	UNK
ponderous and pretentious endeavor 	UNK
enlightenment 	UNK
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause 	UNK
... overly melodramatic ... 	UNK
welcome to collinwood never catches fire . 	UNK
glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby 	UNK
when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust 	UNK
emerged as hilarious lunacy 	UNK
most thoughtful films 	UNK
herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion . 	UNK
goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice 	UNK
are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds . 	UNK
way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material 	UNK
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies 	UNK
i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ... 	UNK
it 's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer . 	UNK
its heart , 	UNK
a fresh view of an old type 	UNK
the most fragmented charms 	UNK
they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way . 	UNK
inspire a trip to the video store -- 	UNK
philosophical 	UNK
secretary is just too original to be ignored . 	UNK
become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) 	UNK
the storytelling and 	UNK
provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable 	UNK
's all bluster and cliché 	UNK
most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence 	UNK
mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon 	UNK
one level 	UNK
you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes 	UNK
a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional . 	UNK
a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you can not separate them . 	UNK
fondness and respect 	UNK
stale , 	UNK
worst harangues 	UNK
a dim-witted pairing 	UNK
of a phonograph record 	UNK
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and 	UNK
undisputed 	UNK
the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care . 	UNK
supremely good 	UNK
of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at 	UNK
because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 	UNK
behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense -- 	UNK
home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face . 	UNK
an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular 	UNK
consistently sensitive 	UNK
plodding , peevish and gimmicky 	UNK
hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers 	UNK
delivering in good measure 	UNK
's uninteresting 	UNK
though they are having so much fun 	UNK
prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself 	UNK
never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . 	UNK
walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked . 	UNK
carry on their parents ' anguish 	UNK
is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions 	UNK
finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for . 	UNK
feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic 	UNK
you will probably like it . 	UNK
an intriguing species of artifice 	UNK
to a harrison ford low 	UNK
it 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience . 	UNK
create images you wish you had n't seen 	UNK
an emotionally strong and politically potent piece 	UNK
directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia . 	UNK
the affable maid 	UNK
the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humor went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet . 	UNK
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing . 	UNK
check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on 	UNK
creates an impeccable sense of place , 	UNK
a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot 	UNK
from films crammed with movie references 	UNK
ultimately lifeless 	UNK
trademark misogyny 	UNK
fiercely clever and subtle film 	UNK
all unfolds predictably 	UNK
that memorable , but as downtown 	UNK
nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : he is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction 	UNK
triumph 	UNK
anti-semitism and neo-fascism 	UNK
, soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way . 	UNK
a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body 	UNK
examines many different ideas from happiness 	UNK
as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world . 	UNK
pan nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and 	UNK
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded 	UNK
robustness 	UNK
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but 	UNK
an hour 's worth of actual material 	UNK
be profane , 	UNK
anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take 	UNK
all three women deliver remarkable performances . 	UNK
set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock 	UNK
manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust 	UNK
who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic 	UNK
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation . 	UNK
probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment 	UNK
the most excruciating 86 minutes one 	UNK
instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel 	UNK
the stuff of lurid melodrama 	UNK
so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film 	UNK
a genuine love story 	UNK
'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery 	UNK
mind and spirit 	UNK
... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid . 	UNK
evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean 	UNK
the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i 	UNK
its promising cast of characters 	UNK
itself and retreats 	UNK
as a hole in the head 	UNK
with enough energy and excitement 	UNK
but utterly delightful . 	UNK
little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff 	UNK
a mishmash 	UNK
is handled with intelligence and care 	UNK
one of the worst movies of the year . 	UNK
of these despicable characters 	UNK
seemed wasted like deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk . 	UNK
's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . 	UNK
's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness 	UNK
's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent 	UNK
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute 	UNK
sweeping battle scenes 	UNK
becoming a christmas perennial 	UNK
nair 's cast is so large it 's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion . 	UNK
thoughtful and rewarding glimpse 	UNK
all the charm of kevin kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope 	UNK
a brutally dry satire of middle american numbness . 	UNK
unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters 	UNK
poetry and passion 	UNK
its many out-sized , 	UNK
touched 	UNK
fact , even better 	UNK
who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline . 	UNK
are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs 	UNK
out of a cellular phone commercial 	UNK
it 's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing . 	UNK
seem self-consciously poetic and forced 	UNK
turned this 	UNK
limply 	UNK
street-smart 	UNK
unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters . 	UNK
all too familiar 	UNK
its tragic waste of life 	UNK
frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him . 	UNK
works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life 	UNK
it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity 	UNK
corcuera 's attention to detail 	UNK
hilary 	UNK
joy and energy 	UNK
, welcome to collinwood never catches fire . 	UNK
the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through . 	UNK
figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that 	UNK
natter 	UNK
with a sense of wonder 	UNK
, and intelligent 	UNK
'' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality . 	UNK
that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern 	UNK
would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop 	UNK
are entertaining and audacious moments 	UNK
need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 	UNK
a tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events 	UNK
, caring 	UNK
the comic effects 	UNK
, lecherous 	UNK
knee-jerk misogyny 	UNK
gives a performance that is masterly 	UNK
their parents , wise folks that they are , read books 	UNK
necessary and timely one 	UNK
a gentle , unforced intimacy 	UNK
the movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original 	UNK
instead , it 'll only put you to sleep . 	UNK
a very tasteful rock and roll movie 	UNK
's an excellent 90-minute film 	UNK
betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work 	UNK
helluva singer 	UNK
colorful and 	UNK
suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing . 	UNK
so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it 	UNK
'' is the operative word for `` bad company 	UNK
this is a film living far too much in its own head . 	UNK
to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period 	UNK
a movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it 	UNK
not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers 	UNK
has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran 	UNK
impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face 	UNK
thoughtful and unflinching 	UNK
verve and fun 	UNK
political and psychological thriller 	UNK
barely shocking 	UNK
in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates 	UNK
the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do 	UNK
puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery 	UNK
, earnest and -- sadly -- dull 	UNK
amusing and unpredictable 	UNK
showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season 	UNK
we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at 	UNK
tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing 	UNK
the genius 	UNK
soulless and 	UNK
the nature of compassion 	UNK
the phrase ` fatal script error 	UNK
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers 	UNK
does n't add up to a whole lot 	UNK
a grenade with his teeth 	UNK
preachy 	UNK
shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers . 	UNK
racism and 	UNK
it 's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and 	UNK
forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already 	UNK
the cast is top-notch 	UNK
enough funny 	UNK
he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty . 	UNK
how low brow it is 	UNK
electric 	UNK
this erotic cannibal movie is boring 	UNK
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters . 	UNK
's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life 	UNK
falls flat as thinking man 	UNK
a fascinating little thriller 	UNK
odd enjoyably 	UNK
tell you how tedious , 	UNK
indescribably bad 	UNK
too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet 	UNK
sharp movie 	UNK
the lion king redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star 	UNK
unintentionally 	UNK
the same old garbage 	UNK
more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama 	UNK
makes a melodramatic mountain 	UNK
inspired dialogue bits 	UNK
the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true . 	UNK
with bloody beauty as vivid 	UNK
sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it . 	UNK
pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture . 	UNK
messiness 	UNK
hazy 	UNK
exquisite acting 	UNK
have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up . 	UNK
does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal 	UNK
too long to shake 	UNK
to be really awful 	UNK
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture . 	UNK
there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies . 	UNK
the bourne identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but 	UNK
stuffy and 	UNK
is too blatant 	UNK
potent chemistry 	UNK
ash wednesday is not edward burns ' best film 	UNK
is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line 	UNK
more successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine 	UNK
a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy 	UNK
's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull . 	UNK
riveting and handsomely 	UNK
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution 	UNK
, comedy and romance 	UNK
of critical jim two-dimensional and pointless 	UNK
express warmth and longing 	UNK
takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms 	UNK
the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo 	UNK
honest poetry 	UNK
of intoxicating atmosphere and little else 	UNK
nervy and 	UNK
is compelling enough , 	UNK
humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast 	UNK
throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto 	UNK
color and depth , 	UNK
fun-seeking summer audiences 	UNK
that it ca n't help but engage an audience 	UNK
's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction 	UNK
pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice 	UNK
this delicate coming-of-age tale 	UNK
a clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film ... 	UNK
make an excellent companion piece 	UNK
would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes . 	UNK
, why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ? 	UNK
too bland and 	UNK
amusing juxtapositions 	UNK
's a fun one . 	UNK
is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card 	UNK
wickedly undramatic central theme 	UNK
you think , zzzzzzzzz 	UNK
jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad 	UNK
, vaguely silly overkill 	UNK
accident 	UNK
it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate . 	UNK
bad mannered 	UNK
on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi 	UNK
the film 's most improbable feat ? 	UNK
deniro 's once promising career and the once grand long beach boardwalk 	UNK
for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son . 	UNK
if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet 	UNK
darling 	UNK
bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness 	UNK
pleasantly and 	UNK
i do n't think this movie loves women at all . 	UNK
is well below expectations 	UNK
fans of critics ' darling band wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart . 	UNK
is , we have no idea what in creation is going on 	UNK
a good guy 	UNK
sleepless 	UNK
whom the 	UNK
lavish 	UNK
embarrassed 	UNK
a piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable . 	UNK
is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers 	UNK
omitted nor a cliché left unsaid 	UNK
poignant comedy 	UNK
its sheer dynamism is infectious . 	UNK
gives an intriguing twist to the french coming-of-age genre . 	UNK
equally derisive 	UNK
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but 	UNK
kindness 	UNK
her childlike smile 	UNK
too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present 	UNK
that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland 	UNK
so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out 	UNK
take you to outer space 	UNK
own tortured psyche 	UNK
the modern remake of dumas 's story is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action . 	UNK
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole . 	UNK
the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud 	UNK
a film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story . 	UNK
noise , mayhem and stupidity 	UNK
to his day job 	UNK
what 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn . 	UNK
it 's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic . 	UNK
, shapeless documentary 	UNK
enjoy on a certain level 	UNK
it 's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . 	UNK
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s 	UNK
of her considerable talents 	UNK
impersonal 	UNK
the lack of climax and , worst of all 	UNK
its initial promise 	UNK
it 's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer . 	UNK
hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) 	UNK
from human impulses that grew hideously twisted 	UNK
you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied 	UNK
does n't take itself so deadly seriously 	UNK
has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement 	UNK
enjoyable documentary . 	UNK
bring something new into the mix 	UNK
intense political and psychological thriller 	UNK
it 's up to ( watts ) to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe 	UNK
bracingly truthful antidote 	UNK
interesting bit 	UNK
over-the-top , and 	UNK
's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles . 	UNK
hackneyed 	UNK
leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion 	UNK
loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 	UNK
one of the funnier movies 	UNK
is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting . 	UNK
injects just enough freshness into the proceedings 	UNK
making reference to other films and trying to be other films 	UNK
not smart 	UNK
is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure ! 	UNK
no chemistry or 	UNK
an incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been 	UNK
lush 	UNK
, luridly colored , 	UNK
is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us 	UNK
once the downward spiral comes to pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ... 	UNK
a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss 	UNK
this is a movie full of grace and , 	UNK
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total 	UNK
a sick and evil woman 	UNK
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and 	UNK
in a thriller , and the performances 	UNK
interesting slice 	UNK
muddled 	UNK
once intimate and universal cinema 	UNK
bo derek made the ridiculous bolero 	UNK
cruel and 	UNK
not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , 	UNK
wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick 	UNK
would stoop so low 	UNK
somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them 	UNK
passionate 	UNK
devastating , eloquent clarity 	UNK
eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , 	UNK
unpaid intern 	UNK
it is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished . 	UNK
its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros 	UNK
disconcertingly slack 	UNK
wonderful life 	UNK
distinctly minor effort 	UNK
opposed to the manifesto 	UNK
all too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` angels with dirty faces ' appeared in 1938 . 	UNK
that work -- is charming , is moving 	UNK
bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some 	UNK
this u-boat does n't have a captain . 	UNK
a convincing one 	UNK
is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives . 	UNK
is n't something to be taken seriously 	UNK
entirely infantile 	UNK
for great cinema 	UNK
is a remarkable piece of filmmaking 	UNK
dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important 	UNK
too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community . 	UNK
own meager weight 	UNK
easy feel-good sentiments 	UNK
a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill 	UNK
a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) 	UNK
unlikable , uninteresting 	UNK
than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach 	UNK
for us 	UNK
too weak 	UNK
a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' 	UNK
one funny popcorn 	UNK
warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality 	UNK
deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going . 	UNK
could have been crisper and punchier 	UNK
unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script . 	UNK
clearly a manipulative film 	UNK
thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy . 	UNK
astonishing 	UNK
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action . 	UNK
been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant 	UNK
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing 	UNK
a powerful drama 	UNK
genuinely moving and 	UNK
it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate 	UNK
is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term . 	UNK
both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable 	UNK
awkward 	UNK
truly distinctive and 	UNK
playful 	UNK
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and 	UNK
offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us 	UNK
it 's an utterly static picture 	UNK
p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible . 	UNK
more like the pilot episode of a tv series 	UNK
dismissed as mindless 	UNK
that 's why sex and lucia is so alluring . 	UNK
obvious . 	UNK
very best 	UNK
`` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses 	UNK
a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped 	UNK
muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble . 	UNK
goofball action comedy 	UNK
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and 	UNK
it 's crafty , energetic and smart 	UNK
inventive , fun 	UNK
all in all , a great party 	UNK
live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve 	UNK
is all over the place 	UNK
's not very good either 	UNK
everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film . 	UNK
if you have the patience for it 	UNK
rounded and revealing overview 	UNK
it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun 	UNK
it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame . 	UNK
clarke-williams 's 	UNK
has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery 	UNK
intimidated by both her subject matter 	UNK
leaden as the movie sputters 	UNK
playfully profound ... and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper 	UNK
than on petter næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script 	UNK
go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches 	UNK
weird , wonderful 	UNK
( gosling 's ) combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character . 	UNK
despite the film 's bizarre developments , hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity . 	UNK
sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half 	UNK
precious 	UNK
old bad trip 	UNK
, it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust . 	UNK
so tedious 	UNK
goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and 	UNK
as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine 	UNK
embraced 	UNK
dishonest 	UNK
this beautifully animated epic is never dull . 	UNK
a phlegmatic bore 	UNK
's the prince of egypt from 1998 . 	UNK
scherfig , the writer-director 	UNK
standard horror flick formula 	UNK
there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's going to be a trip 	UNK
thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes 	UNK
lacking 	UNK
nothing but boilerplate clichés from start 	UNK
profanity and violence 	UNK
a vivid , sometimes surreal 	UNK
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films 	UNK
handled correctly 	UNK
encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be 	UNK
by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him 	UNK
deniro 's once promising career 	UNK
a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped 	UNK
remote , emotionally distant piece 	UNK
disarmingly 	UNK
direct-to-video/dvd category 	UNK
they wo n't much care about 	UNK
halfwit plot 	UNK
a small but rewarding comedy 	UNK
a great , participatory spectator sport . ' 	UNK
than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low 	UNK
more revealing , more emotional 	UNK
does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject 	UNK
of joyful solo performance 	UNK
respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it 	UNK
the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery 	UNK
while you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet , you 're a jet all the way , '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . '' 	UNK
, with enough negatives 	UNK
it 's not a motion picture ; 	UNK
to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles 	UNK
with originality , humor and pathos 	UNK
, it is worth searching out . 	UNK
overwrought , 	UNK
the beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice . 	UNK
while his characters are acting horribly 	UNK
with such life-embracing spirit 	UNK
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and 	UNK
equally beautiful , self-satisfied 	UNK
a dim-witted and lazy spin-off 	UNK
thinly sketched story 	UNK
this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f. kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative . 	UNK
excels in spectacle and pacing 	UNK
lacks the charisma and ability 	UNK
, we hope it 's only acting . 	UNK
has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises 	UNK
feels five hours long 	UNK
is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans . 	UNK
hey everybody , wan na watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? 	UNK
mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema 	UNK
it 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah . 	UNK
unless you 're an absolute raving star wars junkie 	UNK
sincere performance 	UNK
poignant japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak . 	UNK
to keel over 	UNK
bittersweet film 	UNK
a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big 	UNK
makes you feel genuinely good 	UNK
's understanding of the expressive power of the camera . 	UNK
an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves 	UNK
were worried 	UNK
this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth 	UNK
humanize its subject 	UNK
this good 	UNK
provocative film 	UNK
about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come . 	UNK
david spade as citizen kane ? 	UNK
touching drama 	UNK
to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) than pink floyd tickets 	UNK
though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times 	UNK
that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half 	UNK
a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget 	UNK
medicine 	UNK
that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , 	UNK
lives up 	UNK
making moving pictures today 	UNK
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie 	UNK
makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing 	UNK
are up to the task 	UNK
unamusing 	UNK
the rarest kinds 	UNK
rich in shadowy metaphor 	UNK
it asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up . 	UNK
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal . 	UNK
get this thing over with 	UNK
who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up 	UNK
susan 	UNK
true-blue delight . 	UNK
the gags 	UNK
the film has a problem 	UNK
power and grace 	UNK
irritating display 	UNK
it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics 	UNK
musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets 	UNK
succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably 	UNK
to blue hilarity 	UNK
with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances 	UNK
love the music 	UNK
toward keeping the picture compelling 	UNK
it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead 	UNK
fustily tasteful 	UNK
nair 's attention to detail 	UNK
puts history in perspective 	UNK
dishonest and 	UNK
has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script 	UNK
is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots 	UNK
was n't feeling any of it 	UNK
satisfying entertainment 	UNK
adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover 	UNK
a photographic marvel of sorts , and it 	UNK
a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and 	UNK
a moral tale 	UNK
secondhand material 	UNK
presents a frightening and compelling ` what if ? ' 	UNK
i can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial . 	UNK
has all the outward elements of the original 	UNK
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , 	UNK
wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd 	UNK
ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution 	UNK
a grenade 	UNK
too mainstream 	UNK
, dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy . 	UNK
even when he 's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work . 	UNK
it does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject . 	UNK
kind , unapologetic , 	UNK
like time fillers between surf shots 	UNK
it made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters . 	UNK
a rich visual clarity and deeply 	UNK
rare for any movie 	UNK
grasping actors ' workshop that it is 	UNK
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , 	UNK
cleansing 	UNK
a gem 	UNK
the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film 	UNK
, its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ... 	UNK
should strike a nerve in many 	UNK
in reverse 	UNK
argentine retread 	UNK
a comedy , both gentle and biting 	UNK
is its personable , amusing cast . 	UNK
an old-fashioned drama 	UNK
daft 	UNK
that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster 	UNK
that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script 	UNK
is a triumph of imagination 	UNK
, it 's black hawk down with more heart . 	UNK
too evident 	UNK
is way too stagy 	UNK
'm afraid . 	UNK
the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line 	UNK
is wholly unconvincing 	UNK
its script and execution 	UNK
shoot it in the head 	UNK
stalking 	UNK
done with noticeably less energy and imagination 	UNK
ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches 	UNK
intriguing and 	UNK
perfectly pitched web 	UNK
makes it work more than it probably should 	UNK
schindler 's 	UNK
sharp 	UNK
an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream 	UNK
takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it 	UNK
rises to its clever what-if concept 	UNK
cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials 	UNK
given audiences 	UNK
used soap 	UNK
'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't . 	UNK
20th 	UNK
no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina . 	UNK
it 's worth the concentration . 	UNK
unlikable characters and 	UNK
to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness 	UNK
sweetly conspiratorial 	UNK
that trademark grin 	UNK
hollywood magic 	UNK
cruel but weirdly likable 	UNK
moving 	UNK
is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all 	UNK
it ai n't art , by a long shot , 	UNK
're gon na like this movie . 	UNK
this would-be ` james bond for the extreme generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie . 	UNK
cliches and 	UNK
( woo 's ) most resonant film since the killer . 	UNK
nominated for an oscar next year 	UNK
eastwood is off his game 	UNK
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed 	UNK
satisfyingly 	UNK
a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary 	UNK
a head-turner 	UNK
is less compelling than the circumstances of its making . 	UNK
though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation . 	UNK
could be so flabby 	UNK
musty 	UNK
the extent to which it succeeds 	UNK
disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep 	UNK
spot on 	UNK
schizo cartoon 	UNK
gives an intriguing twist 	UNK
conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here 	UNK
masterfully calibrated psychological thriller 	UNK
nearly as dreadful 	UNK
in the worst sense of the expression 	UNK
thriller 	UNK
fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd . 	UNK
tasty and sweet 	UNK
is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky 	UNK
more timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food . 	UNK
all the comic possibilities of its situation 	UNK
his most personal work yet . 	UNK
's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom 	UNK
astounding performance 	UNK
3000 	UNK
gets us 	UNK
's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah 	UNK
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy . 	UNK
would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary 	UNK
can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody 	UNK
an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated 	UNK
stereotypes 	UNK
lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing . 	UNK
avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	UNK
the small moments 	UNK
is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed tosca that you want . 	UNK
effective portrait 	UNK
an interesting topic 	UNK
do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material 	UNK
idling in neutral 	UNK
is a film living far too much in its own head 	UNK
shooting itself in the foot 	UNK
capped with pointless extremes 	UNK
a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 	UNK
as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema 	UNK
with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television 	UNK
complex than your average film 	UNK
as an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless 	UNK
's boring 	UNK
as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth 	UNK
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation 	UNK
its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches 	UNK
spot-on scottish burr 	UNK
true-blue 	UNK
'm giving it a strong thumbs up 	UNK
the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted 	UNK
the year 's greatest adventure , 	UNK
against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except 	UNK
clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined 	UNK
when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces 	UNK
starts slowly , but adrien brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying 	UNK
doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 	UNK
strictly a-list players 	UNK
a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement 	UNK
integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape 	UNK
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound . 	UNK
how bad an actress she is 	UNK
it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen . 	UNK
manages , with terrific flair , 	UNK
something of a public service 	UNK
, hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial . 	UNK
, it does n't work . 	UNK
takes you by the face , 	UNK
is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors 	UNK
just ca n't tear himself away from the characters 	UNK
the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up 	UNK
this story is really all about 	UNK
distinctive discourse 	UNK
an annoying orgy 	UNK
have no bearing on the story 	UNK
rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage . 	UNK
are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents . 	UNK
to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material 	UNK
the innocence 	UNK
a nice change of mindless pace in collision 	UNK
this one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit . 	UNK
puportedly `` based on true events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' with a straight face . 	UNK
the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live 	UNK
their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting . 	UNK
's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity . 	UNK
while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades . 	UNK
contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays . 	UNK
actually thrilled 	UNK
with zoe clarke-williams 's lackluster thriller `` new best friend '' , who needs enemies ? 	UNK
the film works well enough to make it worth watching 	UNK
predictable romantic comedy 	UNK
fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense . 	UNK
mystical 	UNK
given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties 	UNK
vacuous 	UNK
video-cam footage 	UNK
padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation 	UNK
slight but 	UNK
old-fashioned-movie movie 	UNK
strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression . 	UNK
captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty 	UNK
black-and-white inspires 	UNK
fear permeates the whole of stortelling , todd solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique . 	UNK
the looseness of the piece 	UNK
tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it 	UNK
when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life 	UNK
take before indigestion sets in 	UNK
when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path 	UNK
a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form 	UNK
producer john penotti surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . '' 	UNK
aware of his own coolness 	UNK
the bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie 	UNK
top-heavy 	UNK
some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting 	UNK
could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time . 	UNK
stirring visual sequence 	UNK
despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film . 	UNK
, silly and monotonous 	UNK
grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces 	UNK
sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking 	UNK
learns that believing in something does matter 	UNK
the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing 	UNK
well done and perfectly 	UNK
might be with a large dose of painkillers 	UNK
without a map 	UNK
piccoli 	UNK
they love and make 	UNK
late-summer 	UNK
to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely 	UNK
quality 	UNK
the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place 	UNK
for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap 	UNK
is n't much fun 	UNK
adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity 	UNK
keeping themselves kicking 	UNK
sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . 	UNK
theater 	UNK
an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn . 	UNK
a worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special . 	UNK
is a likable story , told with competence 	UNK
-- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded . 	UNK
very good acting 	UNK
that may make you hate yourself for giving in 	UNK
of small-town competition 	UNK
makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering 	UNK
with the subject of love head-on 	UNK
makes oliver far more interesting 	UNK
a compelling and horrifying story 	UNK
it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way 	UNK
the lousy lead performances 	UNK
awe and affection -- 	UNK
has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre . 	UNK
standard slasher flick 	UNK
brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results . 	UNK
`` rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j. 	UNK
cute frissons 	UNK
is no foundation for it 	UNK
to mesmerize , astonish and entertain 	UNK
simply , and surprisingly , 	UNK
more meaningful 	UNK
shrill and soporific 	UNK
has popped up with more mindless drivel 	UNK
smart , funny and 	UNK
the way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gator-bashing are consistently delightful . 	UNK
able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable 	UNK
valuable 	UNK
deliciously 	UNK
have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera 	UNK
a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional 	UNK
succeeds in making us believe 	UNK
puts an exclamation point on the fact 	UNK
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this 	UNK
elephant feces 	UNK
it takes your breath away 	UNK
, the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett 's story is appealing . 	UNK
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... 	UNK
in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion 	UNK
television screen 	UNK
for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence . 	UNK
an incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been . 	UNK
the ` true story ' by which all the queen 's men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen 	UNK
without sham the raw-nerved story 	UNK
as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth 	UNK
lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships . 	UNK
pretty valuable 	UNK
something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel 	UNK
real-life persona 	UNK
not all of the stories work and the ones that do 	UNK
impart a message 	UNK
hopes mr. plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter 	UNK
baroque beauty 	UNK
to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences 	UNK
represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director 	UNK
is a pleasant enough dish . 	UNK
this is sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often . 	UNK
lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but 	UNK
satisfying niblet 	UNK
there 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all . 	UNK
i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike 	UNK
then go see this delightful comedy . 	UNK
appropriate 	UNK
should see this movie 	UNK
, cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love . 	UNK
doomed by its smallness 	UNK
does n't reveal even a hint of artifice 	UNK
derive from this choppy and sloppy affair 	UNK
dark-as-pitch 	UNK
some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time 	UNK
an incoherent jumble 	UNK
to video 	UNK
starts off with a 1950 's doris day feel 	UNK
's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but . 	UNK
's film ' in the worst sense of the expression 	UNK
... a light , yet engrossing piece . 	UNK
miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection . 	UNK
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... 	UNK
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it . 	UNK
you can release your pent up anger 	UNK
some wickedly sick and twisted humor 	UNK
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound 	UNK
a minor treat 	UNK
at the peak of their powers 	UNK
most poorly staged and lit action 	UNK
grace and humor 	UNK
of a travesty of a transvestite comedy 	UNK
a distinct rarity , and 	UNK
a moving , if uneven , success 	UNK
... in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes . 	UNK
offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies . 	UNK
unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache 	UNK
your kids 	UNK
normally could n't care less 	UNK
that deserves more than a passing twinkle 	UNK
bold choices 	UNK
is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( evans ) had , lost , and got back . 	UNK
deeply unpleasant experience 	UNK
no apparent reason except 	UNK
tawdry trash 	UNK
eclipses 	UNK
revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark 's dogma movement 	UNK
amusing , let alone funny 	UNK
a sleeper success 	UNK
the worst movie 	UNK
short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil 	UNK
what 's the russian word for wow !? ' 	UNK
for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) 	UNK
dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted 	UNK
a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone 	UNK
as if drop dead gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition . 	UNK
gedeck , 	UNK
mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another 	UNK
unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance 	UNK
top shelf 	UNK
afraid of the bad reviews 	UNK
in this forgettable effort 	UNK
has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making 	UNK
what an idea 	UNK
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , 	UNK
the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joffé and demi moore 's the scarlet letter . 	UNK
a wet burlap sack 	UNK
that the entire exercise has no real point 	UNK
loathsome movie 	UNK
snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza 	UNK
the ya-ya sisterhood 	UNK
an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes 	UNK
looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale 	UNK
i 'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time . 	UNK
these women 's souls right open 	UNK
a naturally funny film , 	UNK
rich performances 	UNK
while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds . 	UNK
material this rich 	UNK
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst . 	UNK
earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones 	UNK
you could change tables 	UNK
all sing beautifully and act adequately . 	UNK
as thought-provoking 	UNK
up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick 	UNK
ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's 	UNK
of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 	UNK
appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up . 	UNK
pretty decent little documentary 	UNK
often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy 	UNK
we started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine 	UNK
hoped i would -- with moist eyes 	UNK
stinks 	UNK
warmest 	UNK
manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal . 	UNK
choppy ending 	UNK
spellbinding 	UNK
unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 	UNK
as simultaneously funny , offbeat 	UNK
entertained 	UNK
cheesy screenplay 	UNK
can smell the grease on the plot 	UNK
you 'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids 	UNK
a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely 	UNK
albeit a visually compelling one 	UNK
overly convenient plot twists 	UNK
a big-budget/all-star movie 	UNK
just because a walk to remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls . 	UNK
that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book 	UNK
maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , 	UNK
that it 's far too sentimental 	UNK
that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him 	UNK
frighteningly fascinating contradiction 	UNK
quality twist 	UNK
hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity . 	UNK
anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts 	UNK
the salton sea works the way a good noir should 	UNK
golden 	UNK
a rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest . 	UNK
pacino is the best he 's been in years 	UNK
goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . 	UNK
demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking 	UNK
frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances ... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease . 	UNK
that things fall apart 	UNK
chilling advantage 	UNK
made a walk to remember a niche hit 	UNK
while this film has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love . 	UNK
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- 	UNK
unbearably lame . 	UNK
a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit 	UNK
the problem with movies about angels 	UNK
inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers 	UNK
digital 	UNK
lethargic 	UNK
out of reach 	UNK
utterly charming 	UNK
two gifted performers 	UNK
... the good and different idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` never again . '' 	UNK
delivers the same old bad trip 	UNK
sending the audience 	UNK
with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage 	UNK
call me a cynic , but there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message . 	UNK
might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john 	UNK
works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh . 	UNK
touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot 	UNK
its ludicrous and contrived plot 	UNK
the film is well under way -- 	UNK
but what is missing from it all is a moral . 	UNK
grant is n't cary and bullock is n't katherine 	UNK
gripping documentary 	UNK
this unimaginative comedian 	UNK
septic 	UNK
a keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters . 	UNK
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever 	UNK
directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made 	UNK
lets things peter out midway 	UNK
as a serious drama about spousal abuse 	UNK
most audacious , outrageous 	UNK
to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) 	UNK
, we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching . 	UNK
this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny . 	UNK
is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story . 	UNK
accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel 	UNK
never inspires more than an interested detachment . 	UNK
the wanton slipperiness of * corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art . 	UNK
sulky teen drama 	UNK
being memorable 	UNK
, here 's a fun one . 	UNK
exhilarating place 	UNK
, getting there is not even half the interest . 	UNK
hack 	UNK
is exceedingly pleasant , 	UNK
collateral 	UNK
solidly entertaining and moving family drama 	UNK
adding 	UNK
laugh 	UNK
brisk hack 	UNK
deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure 	UNK
negatives 	UNK
career 	UNK
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and 	UNK
88-minute highlight reel 	UNK
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods . 	UNK
but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish 	UNK
courage and happiness 	UNK
get made-up and 	UNK
awakens 	UNK
beautifully produced 	UNK
familiar -- and not in a good way 	UNK
its characterization of hitler and 	UNK
have their funny bones tickled 	UNK
it the adventures of direct-to-video nash 	UNK
is n't quite 	UNK
derived from a lobotomy , 	UNK
does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard 	UNK
there is something in full frontal , i guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but 	UNK
familiar but utterly delightful . 	UNK
cuba gooding jr. valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy 	UNK
veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements 	UNK
there are some laughs in this movie , 	UNK
the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen 	UNK
an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters 	UNK
it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking . 	UNK
at the one-hour mark , herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion . 	UNK
comes off as a pale successor 	UNK
reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy 	UNK
something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities 	UNK
left of his passe ' chopsocky glory 	UNK
the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career 	UNK
radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film 	UNK
to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being 	UNK
goes awry 	UNK
bibbidy-bobbidi-bland 	UNK
bogs down in insignificance , 	UNK
its committed dumbness 	UNK
ca n't even do that much . 	UNK
cobbled together out of older movies 	UNK
real dawns , comic relief 	UNK
you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz . 	UNK
feels like very light errol morris 	UNK
unimpressively fussy 	UNK
might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine . 	UNK
created a provocative 	UNK
of cinematic perfection 	UNK
it 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time 	UNK
bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio . 	UNK
, badly cobbled look 	UNK
's back in form , 	UNK
the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots 	UNK
loose , unaccountable direction 	UNK
a good ear for dialogue 	UNK
tasty and 	UNK
dramas like this make it human . 	UNK
's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty . 	UNK
provides a strong itch to explore more . 	UNK
is worth the price of admission 	UNK
smart and taut 	UNK
a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad . 	UNK
the better of obnoxious adults 	UNK
a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding 	UNK
, their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting . 	UNK
smarter and more diabolical 	UNK
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why 	UNK
might not have noticed 	UNK
would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways 	UNK
cheesy backdrops , 	UNK
it 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter . 	UNK
the wrong times 	UNK
one of the more influential works of the ` korean new wave ' 	UNK
in getting under the skin of her characters 	UNK
nasty 	UNK
, provocative drama 	UNK
and immature provocations 	UNK
is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness 	UNK
a chocolate 	UNK
stroked , luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain 	UNK
whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone 	UNK
bogs down in genre cliches 	UNK
's hard to say who might enjoy this 	UNK
entirely suspenseful , 	UNK
hard , endearing , caring 	UNK
the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form . 	UNK
it 's a rare window on an artistic collaboration . 	UNK
murphy and owen wilson 	UNK
the fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad . 	UNK
is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . 	UNK
it goes nowhere 	UNK
under our skin 	UNK
decent 	UNK
otherwise excellent 	UNK
one of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced . 	UNK
muddy 	UNK
slick production values and director roger michell 's tick-tock pacing 	UNK
predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game 	UNK
that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time 	UNK
this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy 	UNK
though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted . 	UNK
a nice little story in the process 	UNK
way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness 	UNK
is a vulgar 	UNK
chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece 	UNK
interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity 	UNK
some very good acting , dialogue 	UNK
it 's a brazenly misguided project 	UNK
primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of 	UNK
anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning . 	UNK
inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth 	UNK
find a place among the studio 's animated classics 	UNK
that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing 	UNK
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and i know this because i 've seen ` jackass : the movie . 	UNK
a big corner office in hell 	UNK
on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye 	UNK
smart new comedy 	UNK
get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy 	UNK
's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments 	UNK
too slow for a younger crowd 	UNK
as an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable 	UNK
a long , unfunny one at that 	UNK
is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love 	UNK
who comes to america speaking not a word of english 	UNK
obviously desired 	UNK
interesting cinematic devices 	UNK
an uneasy marriage 	UNK
evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun . 	UNK
proves as clear and reliable an authority on that 	UNK
gripping performances by lane and gere 	UNK
romantics 	UNK
the name of high art 	UNK
based on stock clichés 	UNK
really has no place to go since simone is not real 	UNK
mind-bending 	UNK
may scream low budget 	UNK
is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally . 	UNK
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , 	UNK
a high water mark for this genre 	UNK
a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill . 	UNK
shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion . 	UNK
far more witty 	UNK
piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying 	UNK
the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece 	UNK
as darkly funny , 	UNK
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition 	UNK
that made it all work 	UNK
( a ) real pleasure in its laid-back way . 	UNK
a stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions 	UNK
is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm 	UNK
ill-advised 	UNK
insane liberties 	UNK
dreadfully earnest inversion 	UNK
created a monster 	UNK
freeman ca n't save it 	UNK
will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment . 	UNK
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare . 	UNK
us is a minor miracle 	UNK
three hours and with very little story or character 	UNK
is a feast for the eyes 	UNK
shot all the way . 	UNK
her confidence in her material is merited 	UNK
female friendship that men can embrace and 	UNK
the intrigue from the tv series 	UNK
tight and truthful , 	UNK
while the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care . 	UNK
of the big summer movies 	UNK
wet burlap sack 	UNK
disguised as a feature film 	UNK
a welcome lack 	UNK
would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial new yorker if 26-year-old reese witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , melanie carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned hollywood magic . 	UNK
what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles ' book does not translate well to the screen . 	UNK
is more like something from a bad clive barker movie 	UNK
does 	UNK
ahola ) 	UNK
action-packed an experience as a ringside seat 	UNK
as a castrated 	UNK
views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point 	UNK
we do n't get williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing . 	UNK
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- 	UNK
wewannour money back 	UNK
endlessly challenging 	UNK
do n't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director 	UNK
most touching movie 	UNK
every articulate player 	UNK
a fantastic dual performance 	UNK
, this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there . 	UNK
it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another 	UNK
sweet , 	UNK
the stunt-hungry dimwits 	UNK
romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here . 	UNK
, it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch . 	UNK
be growing 	UNK
sleekness 	UNK
about how lame 	UNK
war 's 	UNK
to the script 's refusal of a happy ending 	UNK
if you 're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life , eisenstein delivers . 	UNK
even that 's too committed . 	UNK
nalin 	UNK
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , 	UNK
the chaos of an urban conflagration 	UNK
an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type 	UNK
lower i.q. 	UNK
the film 's plot may be shallow , but 	UNK
with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes 	UNK
that resonate with profundity 	UNK
viewing in university computer science departments for years to come 	UNK
a fine 	UNK
steal your heart away 	UNK
savvy producer 	UNK
been too many of these films 	UNK
from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel 	UNK
be a most hard-hearted person 	UNK
unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook . 	UNK
into a mundane '70s disaster flick 	UNK
flashy 	UNK
indulgent 	UNK
cultural elite 	UNK
begin with 	UNK
a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually 	UNK
corruption 	UNK
intriguing 	UNK
as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes 	UNK
japanese director shohei imamura 's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime . 	UNK
with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie 	UNK
moments of genuine insight into the urban heart 	UNK
felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world . 	UNK
classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' 	UNK
disturbingly 	UNK
is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone 	UNK
never rises to a higher level 	UNK
clumsy dialogue , 	UNK
bravo 's 	UNK
pale , dark beauty 	UNK
fires the winning shot 	UNK
there 's no conversion effort 	UNK
an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture 	UNK
been gathering dust on mgm 's shelf 	UNK
on the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza 	UNK
throws you for a loop 	UNK
obvious copy 	UNK
because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet 	UNK
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , 	UNK
than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms 	UNK
're out there ! '' 	UNK
would be easy for critics to shred it 	UNK
star performance 	UNK
it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 	UNK
gong li and a vivid personality 	UNK
yes . 	UNK
wonderfully vulgar 	UNK
plotless , shapeless 	UNK
is compelling enough 	UNK
could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination 	UNK
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity 	UNK
touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ... might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants . 	UNK
alexander payne 's ode to the everyman 	UNK
as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries 	UNK
will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device 	UNK
sports aficionados 	UNK
moretti ... is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness . 	UNK
it 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows . 	UNK
makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend . 	UNK
take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters 	UNK
prejudices 	UNK
unfocused , excruciatingly tedious 	UNK
drown yourself in a lake 	UNK
, brutally clueless 	UNK
dreams , 	UNK
in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat 	UNK
, and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill 	UNK
truly magical movie 	UNK
the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake . 	UNK
it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring . 	UNK
created a substantive movie out 	UNK
are as mushy as peas 	UNK
, almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises . 	UNK
handsome and 	UNK
but it is entertaining on an inferior level . 	UNK
being wasabi 's big selling point 	UNK
a playful spirit 	UNK
overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption . 	UNK
to make us share their enthusiasm 	UNK
's like dying and going to celluloid heaven 	UNK
zero-dimensional 	UNK
good yarn-spinner 	UNK
there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit . 	UNK
will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker 	UNK
that you root for throughout 	UNK
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema 	UNK
captures the wonders and worries of childhood 	UNK
suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands . 	UNK
it 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling 	UNK
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons . 	UNK
one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop . 	UNK
is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists 	UNK
the most depressing movie-going experiences 	UNK
refreshingly smart and newfangled 	UNK
is bright and flashy 	UNK
the acting is fine but 	UNK
flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool 	UNK
may have made a great saturday night live sketch , but a great movie it is not . 	UNK
woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters 	UNK
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch 	UNK
are immaculate 	UNK
their incessant whining 	UNK
i like all four of the lead actors a lot 	UNK
of a golden book sprung to life 	UNK
the marvelous first 101 minutes 	UNK
morbid one 	UNK
's also cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated . 	UNK
humorless soap opera 	UNK
genuine and 	UNK
the holocaust 	UNK
utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- 	UNK
excess debris 	UNK
a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama . 	UNK
irritating ( at least to this western ear ) 	UNK
a remarkable movie 	UNK
do a homage 	UNK
... quite endearing . 	UNK
than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role 	UNK
're down 	UNK
with passable performances from everyone in the cast 	UNK
keep you watching , as will the fight scenes 	UNK
torments 	UNK
, the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery 	UNK
really rather special 	UNK
too many pointless situations 	UNK
works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun 	UNK
sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching 	UNK
, unfussily poetic 	UNK
despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks 	UNK
about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man 	UNK
by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all 	UNK
affirming and 	UNK
the film reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style . 	UNK
a child 's interest and an adult 's patience 	UNK
sparking 	UNK
fails to fascinate . 	UNK
it gets very ugly , very fast 	UNK
please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel 	UNK
banal as the telling 	UNK
conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all 	UNK
while it may not add up to the sum of its parts , holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often . 	UNK
is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy 	UNK
dazzling dream 	UNK
a tired one 	UNK
bad clive barker movie 	UNK
the hurried , badly cobbled look 	UNK
of soft-core twaddle 	UNK
that you feel like running out screaming 	UNK
lunacy 	UNK
any awards 	UNK
will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot 	UNK
they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and 	UNK
, beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates . 	UNK
so devoid of artifice and purpose 	UNK
do well to check this one out because it 's straight up twin peaks action 	UNK
of puerile 	UNK
devastated 	UNK
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , 	UNK
in three words : thumbs friggin ' down 	UNK
an inferior level 	UNK
off-putting romantic comedy . 	UNK
frida with a visual style unique and inherent 	UNK
own solemn insights 	UNK
like the best of godard 's movies ... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable . 	UNK
too sappy for its own good . 	UNK
smart and dark 	UNK
found it slow , predictable and not very amusing . 	UNK
generous and subversive 	UNK
a mexican soap opera 	UNK
the film 's considered approach 	UNK
are odd and pixilated and 	UNK
the unsung heroes of 20th century 	UNK
, and for the memorable character creations 	UNK
a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving 	UNK
so i do n't know what she 's doing in here 	UNK
looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through 	UNK
not the great american comedy 	UNK
not only are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny 	UNK
children 's entertainment , superhero comics 	UNK
this slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon 	UNK
and rough-hewn vanity project 	UNK
normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad 	UNK
if it belongs on the big screen 	UNK
comfort food 	UNK
makes this a high water mark for this genre . 	UNK
far more appealing 	UNK
it does in trouble every day 	UNK
indie comedy 	UNK
a solid , anguished performance 	UNK
suspenseful enough 	UNK
what i liked about it 	UNK
every once in a while a film 	UNK
the abiding impression 	UNK
, then triple x marks the spot . 	UNK
after an uncertain start , murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling . 	UNK
, seamless and sumptuous stream 	UNK
the point of ridiculousness 	UNK
pessimism 	UNK
has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society 	UNK
brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema . 	UNK
only the odd enjoyably chewy lump 	UNK
situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets 	UNK
is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter 	UNK
it is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise . 	UNK
unsatisfying muddle 	UNK
and it 's a lousy one at that . 	UNK
the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish . 	UNK
, rohmer 's talky films fascinate me 	UNK
his slop 	UNK
of devito 's misanthropic vision 	UNK
the uncompromising knowledge 	UNK
has nothing 	UNK
of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band 	UNK
sloppiness 	UNK
our reality tv obsession , and even 	UNK
recycled plot 	UNK
smartly written 	UNK
no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots 	UNK
want nothing else than to show us a good time 	UNK
nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair 	UNK
pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting 	UNK
it 's better suited for the history or biography channel , 	UNK
close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be 	UNK
gives added clout to this doc 	UNK
has little insight into the historical period and its artists , 	UNK
vowing , ` 	UNK
is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , 	UNK
too manipulative 	UNK
that the e-graveyard 	UNK
the sum of its pretensions 	UNK
virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it 	UNK
fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing 	UNK
perverse 	UNK
wilco fans will have a great time 	UNK
has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point . 	UNK
a bodice-ripper for intellectuals 	UNK
the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; 	UNK
gets vivid performances from her cast and 	UNK
set out to lampoon , anyway . 	UNK
emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable 	UNK
hypermasculine 	UNK
right-thinking ' films 	UNK
real bump-in - the-night chills 	UNK
childish things 	UNK
used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd 	UNK
film school brat 	UNK
immaculately 	UNK
guilt-suffused melodrama 	UNK
is spooky and subtly in love with myth 	UNK
self-hatred and 	UNK
from which no interesting concept can escape 	UNK
it 's not like having a real film of nijinsky 	UNK
sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches 	UNK
turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody . 	UNK
with witty dialogue and inventive moments 	UNK
amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise 	UNK
an oddly winning portrayal 	UNK
do n't make movies like they used to anymore 	UNK
satisfying summer 	UNK
a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing . 	UNK
of its heightened , well-shaped dramas 	UNK
a battle between bug-eye theater and dead-eye 	UNK
like a good guy 	UNK
constrictive 	UNK
tender and heart-wrenching 	UNK
watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours 	UNK
the unacceptable , 	UNK
this gorgeous epic 	UNK
does n't quite know how to fill a frame . 	UNK
re-voiced version 	UNK
elite 	UNK
in that are generally not heard on television 	UNK
is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children . 	UNK
is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . 	UNK
this rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor . 	UNK
is a goofy pleasure 	UNK
remains mostly undeterminable 	UNK
bizarre 	UNK
should serve detention 	UNK
is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing . 	UNK
strong narrative 	UNK
is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . ' 	UNK
put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life 	UNK
becomes a testament to faith . 	UNK
hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . 	UNK
can only be described as sci-fi generic . 	UNK
burns out 	UNK
it does have one saving grace . 	UNK
( hayek ) throws herself into this dream hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with molina and she gradually makes us believe she is kahlo . 	UNK
satisfyingly scarifying 	UNK
, enveloping affection 	UNK
thoughtless , 	UNK
remarkably cohesive 	UNK
comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt 	UNK
a thriller without a lot of thrills . 	UNK
middle east 	UNK
the week blown up for the big screen 	UNK
is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries 	UNK
of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either 	UNK
appreciation 	UNK
the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture . 	UNK
any way of gripping what its point is , or 	UNK
slap her 	UNK
seeking to pull a cohesive story out 	UNK
ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up 	UNK
fast-moving 	UNK
wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender 	UNK
offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single . 	UNK
by and large this is mr. kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since the doors 	UNK
a florid turn 	UNK
impressive stagings 	UNK
immensely appealing couple 	UNK
manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them 	UNK
delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story 	UNK
but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés . 	UNK
little visible talent and 	UNK
as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year 	UNK
interesting and 	UNK
so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess 	UNK
iosseliani 	UNK
mysterious and brutal nature 	UNK
going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous 	UNK
it may not be particularly innovative , 	UNK
an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground 	UNK
too ludicrous and 	UNK
against governmental odds 	UNK
odd and weird . 	UNK
adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel . 	UNK
was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash 	UNK
her cheery and tranquil suburban life 	UNK
the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure 	UNK
disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances . 	UNK
at a bad rock concert 	UNK
's like an all-star salute 	UNK
muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch 	UNK
the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness 	UNK
paints a grand picture of an era 	UNK
an intelligent , realistic portrayal 	UNK
ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters 	UNK
's all quite tasteful to look at 	UNK
with some powerful people 	UNK
is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius . 	UNK
funniest film 	UNK
of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter 	UNK
is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and 	UNK
a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note 	UNK
remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end 	UNK
french shocker 	UNK
it 's simply unbearable 	UNK
filmmakers and performers of this calibre 	UNK
the jokes , 	UNK
pretty decent 	UNK
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy . 	UNK
sterile 	UNK
gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms 	UNK
phlegmatic bore 	UNK
, bad movie 	UNK
refresh our souls 	UNK
unimpeachable clarity 	UNK
, it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' 	UNK
a visionary marvel , 	UNK
is a lot more bluster than bite 	UNK
as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil ' bow wow 	UNK
the compelling historical tale 	UNK
this is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to the road warrior ) 	UNK
delicate , clever direction 	UNK
rock-solid little genre picture 	UNK
a sturdiness and solidity 	UNK
plateau 	UNK
is attractive . 	UNK
it falls far short of poetry , 	UNK
sharp and quick documentary 	UNK
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills 	UNK
is silly but strangely believable . 	UNK
it falls short 	UNK
; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend 	UNK
found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters . 	UNK
fast-paced and 	UNK
too silly to take seriously . 	UNK
i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show . 	UNK
not without cheesy fun factor . 	UNK
enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd 	UNK
rewarding . 	UNK
secret ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting 	UNK
able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man 	UNK
cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set 	UNK
with an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but 	UNK
the nation 	UNK
some remarkable achival film 	UNK
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league . 	UNK
enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions 	UNK
the past via surrealist flourishes 	UNK
pictures 	UNK
punching up the mix 	UNK
the sally jesse raphael atmosphere 	UNK
sunk 	UNK
the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant 	UNK
joyless , 	UNK
a good deal 	UNK
a thoughtful , emotional movie experience 	UNK
video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose 	UNK
cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel 	UNK
a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one . 	UNK
to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good 	UNK
, it runs for 170 	UNK
extraordinarily talented 	UNK
try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward . 	UNK
with cardboard characters and performers 	UNK
anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . ' 	UNK
rude 	UNK
stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights 	UNK
annoying and artificial 	UNK
first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people . 	UNK
an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music . 	UNK
, the film is extremely thorough . 	UNK
of ghandi gone bad 	UNK
soderbergh 's best films , `` 	UNK
the need for national health insurance 	UNK
shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors 	UNK
the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but 	UNK
he does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role . 	UNK
make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come 	UNK
written , flatly , by david kendall 	UNK
vividly and 	UNK
is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another 	UNK
a pleasant distraction 	UNK
in a poorly 	UNK
confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually 	UNK
seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover . 	UNK
the leanest and meanest of solondz 's misanthropic comedies . 	UNK
it excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope . 	UNK
incongruous 	UNK
entertainment 	UNK
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye 	UNK
are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be 	UNK
guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves 	UNK
that kate is n't very bright , but 	UNK
as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses . 	UNK
to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours 	UNK
you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ?!? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices 	UNK
was entranced 	UNK
the limitations of his skill 	UNK
elevated by michael caine 's performance 	UNK
its poignant and uplifting story 	UNK
( davis ) wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters . 	UNK
delivers on that promise . 	UNK
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy 	UNK
be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie 	UNK
chill 	UNK
yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere 	UNK
alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary 	UNK
simply put , `` far from heaven '' is a masterpiece . 	UNK
enhances the personal touch of manual animation . 	UNK
directed , barely , by there 	UNK
is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring . 	UNK
all portent and no content 	UNK
aimlessness 	UNK
atmospheric weirdness 	UNK
mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo 	UNK
that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters 	UNK
done way too often 	UNK
this odd , distant portuguese import more or less borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film . 	UNK
perfect show 	UNK
looking at his 12th oscar nomination 	UNK
seem barely in the same movie 	UNK
spielberg knows how to tell us about people . 	UNK
the fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point . 	UNK
a fragment of an underdone potato 	UNK
have fun with it 	UNK
great charm , generosity and diplomacy 	UNK
falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace 	UNK
much funnier than anything 	UNK
the movie 's most admirable quality 	UNK
the longest 90 minutes 	UNK
disguising this 	UNK
pale successor 	UNK
a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice . 	UNK
a film worth watching 	UNK
by it -- the kind of movie 	UNK
excellent 	UNK
was lazy but enjoyable 	UNK
what the movie lacks in action 	UNK
with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing 	UNK
another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective 	UNK
, the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , 	UNK
to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting 	UNK
gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy 	UNK
like the world of his film , hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it . 	UNK
dramaturgy 	UNK
odd and 	UNK
play out realistically if not always fairly 	UNK
a masterpiece -- and a challenging one 	UNK
like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen . 	UNK
flaws igby 	UNK
surehanded 	UNK
too long and 	UNK
is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success . 	UNK
small delights 	UNK
composed or edited 	UNK
the best possible ways 	UNK
hopes and dreams 	UNK
made watchable by a bravura performance 	UNK
exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming . 	UNK
is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable 	UNK
to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat . 	UNK
a backstage must-see for true fans 	UNK
enjoyable undercover brother 	UNK
tremendous , offbeat sense 	UNK
worse 	UNK
struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family . 	UNK
to question why somebody might devote time to see it 	UNK
's a real shame 	UNK
an ungainly movie , 	UNK
an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing 	UNK
to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d 	UNK
a remarkable amount 	UNK
inventive , 	UNK
an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers 	UNK
allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc 	UNK
unexpected blast 	UNK
great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art 	UNK
a vivid imagination and 	UNK
a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth 	UNK
even better than the first one 	UNK
you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . 	UNK
almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation 	UNK
visually engrossing , seldom hammy , 	UNK
love it , too 	UNK
take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that 	UNK
weird 	UNK
does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything . 	UNK
a rather unique approach 	UNK
it 's tremendously moving 	UNK
hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial . 	UNK
is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence . 	UNK
best films 	UNK
completely awful iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque . 	UNK
suspect it might deliver again and again 	UNK
is a desperate miscalculation 	UNK
have you talking 'til the end of the year 	UNK
a sense of action 	UNK
has taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff . 	UNK
they fascinate in their recklessness . 	UNK
's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title 	UNK
it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from paul 's perspective 	UNK
tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident . 	UNK
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers 	UNK
her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style 	UNK
keep it from being a total rehash 	UNK
uneven but a lot of fun 	UNK
hitting your head on the theater seat 	UNK
an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience 	UNK
hypocritical work 	UNK
lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor 	UNK
laden with plenty of baggage 	UNK
with complicated plotting and banal dialogue 	UNK
plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king . 	UNK
uninspired 	UNK
just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work 	UNK
a pleasant piece 	UNK
an excellent cast 	UNK
it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism 	UNK
episode 	UNK
have an original bone in his body 	UNK
is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces 	UNK
feel absolutely earned 	UNK
slippery slope 	UNK
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , 	UNK
all of it works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely . 	UNK
by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre . 	UNK
sickly 	UNK
impossible as it may sound , this film 's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition . 	UNK
probably want to see it twice 	UNK
by his lack of self-awareness 	UNK
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- 	UNK
, it 's also cold , gray , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated . 	UNK
that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence 	UNK
's bright 	UNK
, the emotions seem authentic 	UNK
close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air . 	UNK
, ' it also rocks . 	UNK
life-changing chance encounters 	UNK
female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor 	UNK
is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- 	UNK
audacious-impossible 	UNK
the visual panache 	UNK
in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life 	UNK
a more measured or polished production ever could 	UNK
appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans 	UNK
a stylish thriller . 	UNK
the movie is a trove of delights . 	UNK
constructs 	UNK
nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit . 	UNK
this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humor and pathos . 	UNK
chris 	UNK
it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all 	UNK
when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had 	UNK
it might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home 	UNK
a sly female empowerment movie , 	UNK
whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , i ca n't say for sure : memories of rollerball have faded , and i skipped country bears 	UNK
hits the bullseye 	UNK
with formalist experimentation in cinematic art 	UNK
's a very sincere work 	UNK
searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... 	UNK
a dualistic battle between good and evil 	UNK
unembarrassing but unmemorable 	UNK
are becoming irritating 	UNK
expects something special but instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash 	UNK
comes together as a coherent whole . 	UNK
improvement 	UNK
languishing 	UNK
even though many of these guys are less than adorable ( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there 's something vital about the movie . 	UNK
leblanc thought , `` hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . '' 	UNK
forget that they are actually movie folk 	UNK
's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires 	UNK
rush 	UNK
is amiss in the world . 	UNK
overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man 	UNK
twice as powerful 	UNK
but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr. de niro . 	UNK
intriguing and stylish . 	UNK
from the movie gods 	UNK
( sometimes hilarious ) 	UNK
reassuring , retro uplifter . 	UNK
fresh air now and then 	UNK
to a satisfying crime drama 	UNK
laugh-out-loud lines 	UNK
a wonderful , ghastly film . 	UNK
sell us on this twisted love story 	UNK
britney 's cutoffs 	UNK
has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women 	UNK
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious . 	UNK
the cliché-riddled genre 	UNK
certified 	UNK
straightforward and old-fashioned 	UNK
` innovative ' and ` realistic ' 	UNK
really is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart . 	UNK
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees 	UNK
features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase . 	UNK
is attractive 	UNK
is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle 	UNK
amusements 	UNK
director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema 	UNK
seem goofy rather than provocative 	UNK
the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure 	UNK
something i would rather live in denial about 	UNK
it ca n't really be called animation 	UNK
motivated by something more than franchise possibilities 	UNK
with the lovely hush 	UNK
roussillon providing comic relief 	UNK
the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence . 	UNK
of the clients 	UNK
the eye candy here lacks considerable brio . 	UNK
own fear and paranoia 	UNK
elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world . 	UNK
the highest production values 	UNK
( the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all 	UNK
a breadth of vision 	UNK
flawless amounts 	UNK
lush scenery 	UNK
romantic thriller 	UNK
dancing 	UNK
wonderfully creepy mood 	UNK
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture 	UNK
a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama 	UNK
-- if predictable -- 	UNK
crack a smile at 	UNK
emphatic 	UNK
what 's best about 	UNK
, cultivation and devotion 	UNK
there 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing . 	UNK
in the new release of cinema paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned . 	UNK
surprisingly powerful and universal . 	UNK
, it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre . 	UNK
who are alternately touching and funny 	UNK
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and 	UNK
spirals downward 	UNK
you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard . 	UNK
loves both dance and cinema 	UNK
i enjoyed barbershop 	UNK
they do n't fit well together and neither is well told . 	UNK
silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another . 	UNK
shines like a lonely beacon . 	UNK
satisfy the boom-bam crowd 	UNK
pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys 	UNK
the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams 	UNK
one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved . 	UNK
for an unfocused screenplay 	UNK
chaotic 	UNK
me no lika da accents so good , 	UNK
an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening . 	UNK
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative . 	UNK
smeary and blurry 	UNK
serious 	UNK
some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity . 	UNK
care too much about this love story 	UNK
pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society 	UNK
a visionary marvel 	UNK
such a mechanical endeavor ( 	UNK
ca n't stand 	UNK
tiresomely simpleminded 	UNK
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold 	UNK
ultimately tragic 	UNK
funny scenes 	UNK
are attached to the concept of loss 	UNK
hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop 	UNK
organic 	UNK
excellent use of music 	UNK
every conceivable mistake 	UNK
his intellectual rigor or 	UNK
not good 	UNK
recognizable and true 	UNK
secondary 	UNK
assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over 	UNK
the best actor 	UNK
blab and 	UNK
marvelous first 	UNK
jolt you out 	UNK
one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else . 	UNK
it takes you somewhere 	UNK
is it a comedy ? 	UNK
cry for your money back 	UNK
airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length 	UNK
the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg 	UNK
is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless . 	UNK
kline 's superbly nuanced performance 	UNK
mr. chabrol 's subtlest works 	UNK
is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination 	UNK
unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- 	UNK
not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days . 	UNK
with too little 	UNK
a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance 	UNK
an unholy mess 	UNK
improvised on a day-to-day basis during production 	UNK
laughable dialogue 	UNK
a colorful , vibrant introduction 	UNK
the most creative , energetic and original 	UNK
's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud 	UNK
, wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . 	UNK
befuddled 	UNK
strangely hollow at its emotional core 	UNK
, gritty , sometimes funny 	UNK
stupidity 	UNK
to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers 	UNK
a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships . 	UNK
treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects 	UNK
entertain or 	UNK
hallmark card sentimentality and 	UNK
and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today . 	UNK
it made me feel unclean , and i 'm the guy who liked there 's something about mary and both american pie movies . 	UNK
substitutable 	UNK
is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed . 	UNK
a rich and intelligent film 	UNK
get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone . 	UNK
tacky nonsense 	UNK
pass up 	UNK
to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play 	UNK
on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis 	UNK
certainly 	UNK
it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . 	UNK
generic villains 	UNK
of a good cast 	UNK
parker 's creative interference 	UNK
actually amusing 	UNK
shockingly manages to be even worse than its title 	UNK
certainly 	UNK
convincing intelligence 	UNK
timeless and unique 	UNK
a terrible movie , just 	UNK
the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward . 	UNK
than julie taymor 's preposterous titus 	UNK
of our best actors 	UNK
auschwitz 	UNK
special qualities 	UNK
a lovely and beautifully photographed romance . 	UNK
bang your head 	UNK
tiresomely 	UNK
this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off 	UNK
fluidity and sense 	UNK
best man '' 	UNK
as animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth . 	UNK
the story 's promising premise 	UNK
sloppy , amusing 	UNK
this is a must ! 	UNK
who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair 	UNK
ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing . 	UNK
so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots . 	UNK
feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film 	UNK
a really bad imitation 	UNK
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists 	UNK
` cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about 	UNK
sensational true-crime 	UNK
advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day 	UNK
powder blues 	UNK
sequel-for-the-sake 	UNK
a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral . 	UNK
call me a cynic , 	UNK
your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience . 	UNK
birthday girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost . 	UNK
the film 's hero is a bore 	UNK
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) , the movie is powerful and provocative . 	UNK
romantic crime comedy 	UNK
is a movie you can trust 	UNK
there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe 	UNK
no-surprise series 	UNK
, it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end 	UNK
the suckers 	UNK
of substance about a teacher 	UNK
is as often imaginative as it is gory 	UNK
parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast 	UNK
the thrill 	UNK
a lower i.q. than when i had entered 	UNK
ranges from bad 	UNK
presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years 	UNK
a beyond-lame satire , 	UNK
the magic 	UNK
a good race 	UNK
than either of those films 	UNK
boorish 	UNK
it certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time . 	UNK
committed performances 	UNK
a hard time 	UNK
before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar 	UNK
to camouflage how bad his movie is 	UNK
offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility 	UNK
that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you 	UNK
top-notch creative team 	UNK
it 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 . 	UNK
some problems 	UNK
while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari 's film falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey . 	UNK
the script ? 	UNK
fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor . 	UNK
is an interesting movie ! 	UNK
examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country 	UNK
leon 	UNK
was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration . 	UNK
it 's not a great monster movie . 	UNK
, sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it . 	UNK
the big summer movies 	UNK
creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity . 	UNK
touching melodrama 	UNK
wry observations 	UNK
in amazement over the fact 	UNK
an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema 	UNK
a bunch of strung-together tv episodes 	UNK
ugly 	UNK
through dahmer 's two hours 	UNK
insomnia 	UNK
gives ample opportunity 	UNK
's never as solid 	UNK
bad name 	UNK
surefire casting 	UNK
( less a movie than ) 	UNK
throwing up his hands in surrender 	UNK
that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit 	UNK
although estela bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch . 	UNK
... a confusing drudgery . 	UNK
is supremely unfunny and unentertaining 	UNK
it also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them . 	UNK
the whole enterprise 	UNK
as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine . 	UNK
takes big bloody chomps 	UNK
like this film 	UNK
draws us in 	UNK
's already been too many of these films ... 	UNK
derivative horror film 	UNK
it 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout . 	UNK
the best and most mature comedy 	UNK
individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing 	UNK
remains prominent , 	UNK
is an amicable endeavor 	UNK
one resurrection too many . 	UNK
of weird performances and direction 	UNK
great film noir 	UNK
do n't care to understand 	UNK
is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of variety . 	UNK
of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it 	UNK
clotted 	UNK
an amazing slapstick 	UNK
seems more tacky and reprehensible , 	UNK
comic possibilities 	UNK
daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails . 	UNK
a black hole of dullness 	UNK
still leaves shockwaves 	UNK
the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy 	UNK
the dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and 	UNK
uses grant 's own twist of acidity 	UNK
hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling 	UNK
yourself praying for a quick resolution 	UNK
is appealing . 	UNK
a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , 	UNK
things interesting 	UNK
of lo mein and general tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it 	UNK
a well-executed spy-thriller . 	UNK
children 's entertainment , superhero comics , 	UNK
more emotional 	UNK
the film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence . 	UNK
a formula comedy redeemed by its stars 	UNK
broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient . 	UNK
the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected . 	UNK
a fascinating glimpse of urban life and 	UNK
can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work . 	UNK
the biggest problem 	UNK
gags to break the tedium 	UNK
's a terrible movie in every regard 	UNK
a cheap , ludicrous attempt 	UNK
wit to keep parents away from the concession stand 	UNK
is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him 	UNK
with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera 	UNK
bound to show up at theaters for it 	UNK
pizazz 	UNK
working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ... ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up 	UNK
should have been made for the tube 	UNK
told a nice little story in the process 	UNK
abuse 	UNK
disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious 	UNK
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and 	UNK
it a comic book with soul 	UNK
a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience 	UNK
not-so-bright mother and daughter 	UNK
even better 	UNK
circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story . 	UNK
multi-layered 	UNK
certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department 	UNK
, should scare any sane person away . 	UNK
, creativity , and fearlessness 	UNK
oh , james ! 	UNK
trashy teen-sleaze equivalent 	UNK
that try too hard to be mythic 	UNK
worst of all -- 	UNK
comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be 	UNK
feature-length running time 	UNK
emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them 	UNK
keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats 	UNK
the exploitative 	UNK
a distinct rarity 	UNK
a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief 	UNK
liked 	UNK
blazing 	UNK
tsai ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film 	UNK
is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers 	UNK
a great director at the helm 	UNK
lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed 	UNK
string together enough charming moments 	UNK
so many red herrings 	UNK
kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book 	UNK
incredibly inane 	UNK
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and 	UNK
sappy as big daddy 	UNK
one of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised . 	UNK
you love the music 	UNK
's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look 	UNK
who 's being conned right up to the finale 	UNK
unabashed sweetness 	UNK
sordid and disgusting 	UNK
valid 	UNK
his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic 	UNK
to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else 	UNK
psychologically 	UNK
chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book 	UNK
he 's got as potent a topic as ever here 	UNK
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy 	UNK
coffee 	UNK
would seem to be surefire casting 	UNK
an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle . 	UNK
but unfortunately also 	UNK
of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears 	UNK
funny situations and honest observations 	UNK
outstanding performance 	UNK
cliché-laden screenplay 	UNK
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker 	UNK
be white-knuckled and unable to look away 	UNK
for deft punctuation 	UNK
a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings 	UNK
's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through 	UNK
of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans 	UNK
break 	UNK
a compelling pre-wwii drama 	UNK
the dispassionate gantz brothers 	UNK
's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations 	UNK
too campy to work as straight drama 	UNK
going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about 	UNK
's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments 	UNK
is n't much fun . 	UNK
bring off this kind of whimsy 	UNK
floundering 	UNK
, but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity . 	UNK
prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms 	UNK
its splendor 	UNK
to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest 	UNK
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop 	UNK
boring 	UNK
each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments . 	UNK
an uplifting , 	UNK
am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies 	UNK
an enjoyable feel-good family comedy 	UNK
strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny 	UNK
an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence 	UNK
this time , the old mib label stands for milder is n't better . 	UNK
as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting 	UNK
, not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both . 	UNK
a been-there 	UNK
sort of amazing 	UNK
shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting . 	UNK
deep inside righteousness 	UNK
the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes 	UNK
is somehow making its way instead to theaters 	UNK
not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me 	UNK
almost saccharine domestic interludes 	UNK
a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins 	UNK
all of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness . 	UNK
me want to pack raw dough in my ears 	UNK
this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success . 	UNK
by uneven dialogue and plot lapses 	UNK
the film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own . 	UNK
earnest as a community-college advertisement 	UNK
a wholesome fantasy for kids 	UNK
best irish sense 	UNK
flaccid satire and what 	UNK
's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism 	UNK
cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace 	UNK
of an adoring , wide-smiling reception 	UNK
easy to be bored by as your abc 's 	UNK
under-rehearsed and 	UNK
utterly ridiculous 	UNK
odd and pixilated 	UNK
because there 's no rooting interest 	UNK
grown-up voice 	UNK
though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament . 	UNK
painfully slow 	UNK
a true 	UNK
comedy since being john malkovich 	UNK
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , 	UNK
truth 	UNK
's not only dull because we 've seen ( eddie ) murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed 	UNK
that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy 	UNK
a watch 	UNK
simply stupid , 	UNK
hurts to watch 	UNK
picked me up 	UNK
celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music 	UNK
tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage . 	UNK
damned 	UNK
kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise 	UNK
is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . 	UNK
spooks 	UNK
, rent the disney version . 	UNK
is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant 's experiences in new york city . 	UNK
get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show 	UNK
another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix 	UNK
has its rewards 	UNK
genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama 	UNK
quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time 	UNK
` linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... ' 	UNK
stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable 	UNK
acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , 	UNK
is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 	UNK
's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs 	UNK
think they 	UNK
a tribute 	UNK
uptight 	UNK
a trove 	UNK
putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . ' 	UNK
with just as much intelligence 	UNK
surprising highs , 	UNK
to see three splendid actors 	UNK
comes off like a bad imitation of the bard . 	UNK
the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work . 	UNK
could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot 	UNK
hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart 	UNK
a film that relies on personal relationships 	UNK
ratliff 's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon 	UNK
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent . 	UNK
intellectually and logistically 	UNK
to gluing you to the edge of your seat 	UNK
the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project 	UNK
you wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies . 	UNK
real-life strongman ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders . 	UNK
freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box 	UNK
it ends up being surprisingly dull 	UNK
the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying 	UNK
be better to wait for the video 	UNK
something more user-friendly 	UNK
heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after greene 's story ends 	UNK
for putting together any movies of particular value or merit 	UNK
smart and fun , but far more witty 	UNK
the vagueness of topical excess 	UNK
degraded things 	UNK
family drama 	UNK
the funniest motion 	UNK
anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity . 	UNK
if the last man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . 	UNK
with an inauspicious 	UNK
( and lovely 	UNK
likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ? 	UNK
continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage . 	UNK
shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb 	UNK
toilet humor , 	UNK
a mischievous visual style and oodles of charm 	UNK
the long-faced sad sack 	UNK
the finest films of the year 	UNK
it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy 	UNK
undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject 	UNK
one of the year 's best 	UNK
originality 	UNK
it may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied 	UNK
lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary 	UNK
she fails to provoke them . 	UNK
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious 	UNK
this equally derisive clunker 	UNK
by which time it 's impossible to care who wins 	UNK
is more interesting ( and funnier ) 	UNK
this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end 	UNK
is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless . 	UNK
any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships 	UNK
is a great yarn 	UNK
serenity and discipline 	UNK
unpretentious 	UNK
most purely enjoyable 	UNK
's kinda dumb 	UNK
who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows 	UNK
about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor 	UNK
come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes 	UNK
could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron 	UNK
of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen 	UNK
yiddish stage 	UNK
weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car . 	UNK
cranky adults 	UNK
a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity 	UNK
serviceability , but 	UNK
perfectly entertaining 	UNK
of an already obscure demographic 	UNK
stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but 	UNK
gary larson 's far side humor 	UNK
hit that may strain adult credibility . 	UNK
'll love it and 	UNK
, wide-smiling reception 	UNK
the acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff . 	UNK
keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good 	UNK
its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length 	UNK
loves them 	UNK
of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream 	UNK
a guilty pleasure to watch 	UNK
uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . 	UNK
's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese . 	UNK
intellectual masterpieces 	UNK
eyes 	UNK
of your eyes 	UNK
left a few crucial things out 	UNK
that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style 	UNK
egocentricities 	UNK
the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue . 	UNK
a cheap cliché 	UNK
fairly involving as far as it goes 	UNK
a delightfully dour , deadpan tone 	UNK
combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction 	UNK
devoted to the insanity of black 	UNK
it has plenty of laughs . 	UNK
not-very-funny comedy 	UNK
her skin 	UNK
is grossly contradictory 	UNK
unimaginatively foul-mouthed 	UNK
becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair . 	UNK
most impressive player 	UNK
the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs . 	UNK
an 88-minute rip-off 	UNK
a treat 	UNK
is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment . 	UNK
its one good idea 	UNK
of california 	UNK
is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients 	UNK
the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable 	UNK
across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle 	UNK
workplace ambition 	UNK
disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves 	UNK
wishy-washy melodramatic movie 	UNK
as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes 	UNK
critics be damned . 	UNK
of love , longing , and voting 	UNK
love it 	UNK
it 's a sit down and ponder affair 	UNK
that good 	UNK
a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned . 	UNK
completely forgettable 	UNK
uncompromising , difficult and 	UNK
underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community 	UNK
light-hearted profile 	UNK
a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition 	UNK
undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution 	UNK
cool event 	UNK
the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images 	UNK
more likely to induce sleep than fright 	UNK
cheap-looking version 	UNK
winner 	UNK
, wall-to-wall good time 	UNK
lovely flakiness 	UNK
a filmmaker of impressive talent 	UNK
eloquent , deeply felt 	UNK
it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with 	UNK
an extreme action-packed film 	UNK
understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal 	UNK
to convince us of that all on their own 	UNK
most watchable film 	UNK
that criticizing feels more like commiserating 	UNK
a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother 's hold over her . 	UNK
enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary . 	UNK
compulsively watchable 	UNK
turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long 	UNK
a shrewd and effective film 	UNK
too difficult 	UNK
independent-community guiding lights 	UNK
you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did 	UNK
a smart , 	UNK
against all odds 	UNK
a stable-full of solid performances 	UNK
a finely written 	UNK
the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating 	UNK
astonishingly 	UNK
, `` far from heaven '' is a masterpiece . 	UNK
, provocative 	UNK
a light , yet engrossing piece . 	UNK
of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality 	UNK
of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one 	UNK
essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty . 	UNK
with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness 	UNK
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that 	UNK
a delightfully dour , 	UNK
is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie 	UNK
an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty 	UNK
which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run 	UNK
has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ... 	UNK
sustain a reasonable degree of suspense 	UNK
pummel us with phony imagery or music 	UNK
that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice 	UNK
mr. murray , a prolific director of music videos 	UNK
above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism 	UNK
this is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny . 	UNK
with a cause 	UNK
a backstage must-see 	UNK
has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy 	UNK
off 	UNK
-- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- 	UNK
losing his touch 	UNK
is ) a fascinating character , and 	UNK
best ensemble casts 	UNK
this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are . 	UNK
suspense , surprise 	UNK
characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life 	UNK
wild-and-woolly 	UNK
smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be . 	UNK
the pleasure of his sounds and images 	UNK
should never , ever , 	UNK
, uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd 	UNK
formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement 	UNK
entertains not 	UNK
, the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , 	UNK
of this year 's very best pictures 	UNK
the only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them . 	UNK
tepid and tedious 	UNK
could easily wait for your pay per view dollar 	UNK
the best way 	UNK
also rocks 	UNK
it 's pauly shore awful . 	UNK
a fresh , entertaining comedy 	UNK
well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six . 	UNK
the relentless gaiety 	UNK
the film its flaws 	UNK
the emperor 's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach . 	UNK
breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers 	UNK
the gutless direction 	UNK
nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth . 	UNK
is a superior horror flick 	UNK
most genuinely sweet films 	UNK
dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters 	UNK
cloying messages 	UNK
's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay 	UNK
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , 	UNK
hampered by taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances 	UNK
a flat script and a low budget 	UNK
poetry in motion 	UNK
love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut 	UNK
painfully 	UNK
is beginning to feel 	UNK
the film offers an intriguing what-if premise . 	UNK
a crowd-pleaser , but then 	UNK
also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth 	UNK
like an extreme action-packed film 	UNK
generally light enough 	UNK
look at morality , family , and social expectation 	UNK
hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about 	UNK
the courage of its convictions 	UNK
the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay 	UNK
is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride 	UNK
, it throws you for a loop . 	UNK
flashy editing style 	UNK
of parental failings 	UNK
much tongue in cheek in the film 	UNK
with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity 	UNK
the story plays out slowly , 	UNK
worthwhile documentary 	UNK
is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction 	UNK
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature . 	UNK
into brutally labored and unfunny hokum 	UNK
diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master 	UNK
... spiced with humor ( ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and witty updatings ( silver 's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around ) 	UNK
city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast . 	UNK
comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow . 	UNK
, easily substitutable 	UNK
is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously . 	UNK
this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment . 	UNK
that and it 's what makes their project so interesting 	UNK
's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer 	UNK
is downright doltish and uneventful 	UNK
decent material 	UNK
his latest effort , 	UNK
deadpan tone 	UNK
like the best 60 minutes exposé , the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining . 	UNK
viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess . 	UNK
the dreams of youth 	UNK
unfortunately , carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with harris goldberg . 	UNK
, it 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss . 	UNK
embrace small , sweet ` evelyn 	UNK
admirable quality 	UNK
a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll 	UNK
a slight but sweet film . 	UNK
engaging offbeat touches 	UNK
's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long 	UNK
, it offers hope 	UNK
an especially well-executed television movie 	UNK
... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters . 	UNK
this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . 	UNK
funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , 	UNK
a great deal 	UNK
a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world 	UNK
faithful portraiture 	UNK
a well-made and satisfying thriller 	UNK
frustrating ` tweener ' 	UNK
slap 	UNK
, it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in . 	UNK
is a hilarious place to visit 	UNK
it labors as storytelling . 	UNK
wow fans 	UNK
a hoot in a bad-movie way 	UNK
overlong and 	UNK
've got something pretty damn close 	UNK
it might not be 1970s animation , 	UNK
a feel-good movie that 	UNK
who liked there 's something about mary and both american pie movies 	UNK
actually hurts to watch . 	UNK
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse 	UNK
contemporary southern adolescence 	UNK
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama 	UNK
a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman 's clothes 	UNK
gets tiresome 	UNK
are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence . 	UNK
nazi politics and aesthetics 	UNK
a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft . 	UNK
even a must-see 	UNK
lighting that emphasizes every line and sag 	UNK
is great 	UNK
bring on the sequel . 	UNK
catapulting the artist into her own work 	UNK
confusing on one level or another 	UNK
refreshingly clear 	UNK
's easy to like and always 	UNK
, builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with 	UNK
diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused . 	UNK
instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy 	UNK
to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough . 	UNK
perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty 	UNK
fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere 	UNK
sets out to entertain and 	UNK
wonderful thing 	UNK
you wish had been developed with more care 	UNK
down on their working-class subjects 	UNK
stale gags 	UNK
cold , pretentious , 	UNK
to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism 	UNK
one of the best films 	UNK
much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay 	UNK
the threat implied in the title pokémon 4ever is terrifying -- like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming . 	UNK
to keep our interest 	UNK
undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references 	UNK
the screen in frustration 	UNK
is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about . 	UNK
is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted . 	UNK
belongs in the too-hot-for-tv direct-to-video/dvd category , and this is why i have given it a one-star rating . 	UNK
demonstrates that the director of such hollywood blockbusters as patriot games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop 	UNK
invited to the party 	UNK
only are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny 	UNK
stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders 	UNK
for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters 	UNK
drag on 	UNK
this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope . 	UNK
worked wonders 	UNK
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake . 	UNK
the holes in this film remain agape -- 	UNK
if you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	UNK
however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance . 	UNK
if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging 	UNK
more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds 	UNK
remarkably accessible and haunting 	UNK
too much kid-vid 	UNK
fessenden continues to do interesting work , 	UNK
i was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon . 	UNK
ultimately unpredictable 	UNK
enjoyed 	UNK
unemployment 	UNK
more than she can handle 	UNK
a spontaneity 	UNK
be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption 	UNK
moving and not infrequently breathtaking 	UNK
it 's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins . 	UNK
a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry . 	UNK
cautions 	UNK
with imbecilic mafia 	UNK
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable . 	UNK
will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor 	UNK
's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started 	UNK
ivan is a prince of a fellow 	UNK
has virtually nothing to show 	UNK
it looks good , 	UNK
of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding 	UNK
the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart 	UNK
makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here 	UNK
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him 	UNK
oddly humorous 	UNK
heady , biting , be-bop 	UNK
funny in a sick , twisted sort of way . 	UNK
might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts 	UNK
sharp as a samurai sword 	UNK
it 's always fascinating to watch marker the essayist at work . 	UNK
hits a nerve 	UNK
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense 	UNK
transcends 	UNK
than most third-rate horror sequels 	UNK
does n't work . 	UNK
in a collectively stellar performance 	UNK
silly rather than 	UNK
seen some bad singer-turned actors 	UNK
a definitive counter-cultural document 	UNK
paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , 	UNK
a fragile framework 	UNK
plotting and mindless action 	UNK
a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song 	UNK
is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . 	UNK
you 're an agnostic carnivore 	UNK
to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 	UNK
able to tear their eyes away from the screen 	UNK
fare with real thematic heft 	UNK
new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief 	UNK
full of stunning images and effects 	UNK
savvy director robert j. siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense . 	UNK
bad love 	UNK
but as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care . 	UNK
cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most . 	UNK
this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive . 	UNK
the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power 	UNK
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... 	UNK
made me want to scream 	UNK
dicaprio 's best performance 	UNK
for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach 	UNK
neither original 	UNK
about the worst thing 	UNK
out-bad-act the other 	UNK
easily the most thoughtful fictional examination 	UNK
cinematic touchstone 	UNK
fairly weak retooling 	UNK
just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills . 	UNK
is n't that funny 	UNK
it 's a loathsome movie , 	UNK
thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes 	UNK
this film : honest 	UNK
a haunting ode to humanity 	UNK
lowly studio hack 	UNK
the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time 	UNK
pallid 	UNK
authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study 	UNK
lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics . 	UNK
is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen . 	UNK
slaloming through its hackneyed elements 	UNK
the english call ` too clever by half 	UNK
certainly ranks as the most original in years . 	UNK
read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame 	UNK
ambiguous enough to be engaging and 	UNK
outstanding 	UNK
humor , verve and fun 	UNK
... a guiltless film for nice evening out . 	UNK
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest . 	UNK
the comic touch 	UNK
it won -- and wins still 	UNK
, you 'd better have a good alternative 	UNK
climactic setpiece 	UNK
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control 	UNK
as it is instructive 	UNK
argento 	UNK
, secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way . 	UNK
of inept filmmaking 	UNK
is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories . 	UNK
exploitative for the art houses and 	UNK
just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving 	UNK
labute continues to improve . 	UNK
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director george hickenlooper 's approach to the material is too upbeat . 	UNK
pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon 	UNK
the most poorly staged and lit action 	UNK
all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons 	UNK
high-strung 	UNK
effective in all its aspects 	UNK
can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut . ' 	UNK
is an inspirational love story , 	UNK
frustrating misfire 	UNK
's a good yarn-spinner 	UNK
the great films about movie love 	UNK
, unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke . 	UNK
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance . 	UNK
the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez 	UNK
exploitation 	UNK
upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work 	UNK
reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one 	UNK
ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike 	UNK
designed to fill time , 	UNK
conventional thriller 	UNK
the disappointingly generic nature 	UNK
an important movie 	UNK
to make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' 	UNK
, awe-inspiring visual poetry 	UNK
self-centered 	UNK
soulful nuances 	UNK
its recycled aspects , implausibility , 	UNK
the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and 	UNK
starting 	UNK
riveting and surprisingly romantic ride 	UNK
the right choices 	UNK
's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory 	UNK
an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic . 	UNK
unforced , rapid-fire delivery 	UNK
a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool 	UNK
every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage 	UNK
particularly joyless 	UNK
alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise . 	UNK
the funnier movies 	UNK
wooden performances 	UNK
self-promotion ends and 	UNK
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers . 	UNK
the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` dungeons and dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ... 	UNK
has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , 	UNK
demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken . 	UNK
most enchanting film 	UNK
( siegel ) and co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie . 	UNK
agile 	UNK
cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma 	UNK
the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode 	UNK
seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation 	UNK
from each film 	UNK
soulful , scathing and 	UNK
, avarice and damaged dreams 	UNK
an abyss 	UNK
wisdom and humor 	UNK
well worth revisiting as many times 	UNK
, he has at least one more story to tell : his own . 	UNK
we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show 	UNK
adds enough quirky and satirical touches 	UNK
have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale 	UNK
the best little `` horror '' movie 	UNK
it 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space 	UNK
this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel 	UNK
bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie . 	UNK
, secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop freudianism . 	UNK
of scorn 	UNK
the finest kind 	UNK
a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours . 	UNK
, it has a genuine dramatic impact 	UNK
the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot 	UNK
the art direction is often exquisite 	UNK
fun and nimble . 	UNK
like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through , the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover . 	UNK
's all about anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect 	UNK
caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion 	UNK
yes , soar . 	UNK
an alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary . 	UNK
is a few bits funnier than malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks 	UNK
odd movies 	UNK
can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down . 	UNK
reach a truly annoying pitch 	UNK
o matter how much good will the actors generate 	UNK
offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment 	UNK
the outstanding thrillers of recent years 	UNK
dumb down 	UNK
generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series 	UNK
barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything 	UNK
graphic violence 	UNK
we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire 	UNK
is smart and entirely charming 	UNK
is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it . 	UNK
a hilarious kenneth branagh 	UNK
tender and 	UNK
spirited film 	UNK
's a dark , gritty story 	UNK
the slippery slope of dishonesty 	UNK
an adorably whimsical comedy 	UNK
it might have been 	UNK
addictive 	UNK
swings and jostles 	UNK
what time offers tsai 's usual style and themes 	UNK
pleasing 	UNK
so uninspiring 	UNK
touching and 	UNK
genial romance 	UNK
onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless 	UNK
charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie . 	UNK
even at its worst , it 's not half-bad . 	UNK
it looks good , sonny , 	UNK
make a huge action sequence as any director 	UNK
time bombs and 	UNK
the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises . 	UNK
promising work-in-progress 	UNK
folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either 	UNK
to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept 	UNK
does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds 	UNK
a pale successor 	UNK
elegantly appointed period drama 	UNK
captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it 	UNK
is as difficult for the audience to take as it 	UNK
my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family . 	UNK
has really found his groove these days . 	UNK
impressive and highly entertaining celebration 	UNK
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome . 	UNK
interesting to witness the conflict from the palestinian side 	UNK
its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary . 	UNK
cliche 	UNK
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but 	UNK
like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through 	UNK
has far more energy 	UNK
on dave barry 's popular book of the same name 	UNK
a heartfelt romance 	UNK
devoid of joy and energy 	UNK
a rehash of every gangster movie 	UNK
to the edge of their seats 	UNK
is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you . 	UNK
of longing , lasting traces of charlotte 's web of desire and desperation 	UNK
sealed in a jar 	UNK
this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half 	UNK
to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents 	UNK
that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness 	UNK
to great performances 	UNK
charged music to the ears of cho 's fans . 	UNK
as a numbingly dull experience 	UNK
left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism 	UNK
offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar . 	UNK
admirable energy , 	UNK
milquetoast 	UNK
a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing 	UNK
seem heroic deserves a look . 	UNK
proves a servicable world war ii drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances 	UNK
hit 	UNK
terrific 10th-grade learning tool 	UNK
sobering , heart-felt drama 	UNK
enjoyed . 	UNK
's a sheer unbridled delight in the way 	UNK
what could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking . 	UNK
its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and 	UNK
prove more distressing 	UNK
stuffy , full of itself 	UNK
flourishes 	UNK
like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood . 	UNK
mr. clooney , mr. kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster . 	UNK
could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage 	UNK
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in 	UNK
spreads itself too thin 	UNK
redundancy 	UNK
good actors , even kingsley , 	UNK
uninhibited 	UNK
is n't much better . 	UNK
and flat-out farce 	UNK
to a night in the living room than a night at the movies 	UNK
yet another genre exercise , gangster no. 1 is as generic as its title . 	UNK
a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel . 	UNK
good-natured and 	UNK
a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent 	UNK
a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another 	UNK
happiness 	UNK
's contrived and predictable 	UNK
the sexual politics too smug 	UNK
a movie is more than a movie . 	UNK
is slightly less successful than the first 	UNK
sex is one of those films that aims to confuse . 	UNK
a film of epic scale 	UNK
with an enormous amount of affection 	UNK
explosive 	UNK
is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative . 	UNK
leaves no southern stereotype unturned 	UNK
that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times 	UNK
kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies 	UNK
communal spirit 	UNK
's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough 	UNK
one-of-a-kind 	UNK
a lot like a well-made pb & j sandwich : 	UNK
consigned to the dustbin of history 	UNK
perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff 	UNK
richly detailed , 	UNK
, as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable 	UNK
is so convinced of its own brilliance 	UNK
to bring something new into the mix 	UNK
drop your jaw 	UNK
of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery 	UNK
allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today . 	UNK
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject . 	UNK
becomes a testament to faith 	UNK
an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt 	UNK
hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 	UNK
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast 	UNK
's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau . 	UNK
with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact 	UNK
for their acting chops , but for their looks 	UNK
visual and verbal clichés 	UNK
gore 	UNK
is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films 	UNK
it provides a fresh view of an old type 	UNK
romance-novel 	UNK
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy 	UNK
possible angle 	UNK
nothing too deep or substantial . 	UNK
invented to describe exactly how bad it is 	UNK
were far more entertaining than i had expected 	UNK
to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 	UNK
near virtuosity in its crapulence 	UNK
at blockbuster 	UNK
contemporary 	UNK
so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it 	UNK
lost the politics and the social observation 	UNK
comedic 	UNK
might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc . 	UNK
a spectacular completion one 	UNK
screams 	UNK
at least a few good ideas and 	UNK
villainous 	UNK
creepy and dead-on performance 	UNK
( there 's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin . 	UNK
the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one 	UNK
i know i should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old 	UNK
a fullness 	UNK
too painfully 	UNK
best sex comedy 	UNK
crassly 	UNK
's a dull girl , that 's all 	UNK
repeating 	UNK
barlow 	UNK
king lear 	UNK
that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours 	UNK
coolness 	UNK
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly 	UNK
to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon 	UNK
still like moonlight mile , better judgment be damned . 	UNK
impacts 	UNK
takes no apparent joy in making movies 	UNK
, generosity and diplomacy 	UNK
fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films 	UNK
been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran 	UNK
once again dazzle and delight us 	UNK
enchanting 	UNK
will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle 	UNK
should drop everything and run to ichi . 	UNK
is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler 	UNK
grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery 	UNK
unsettling prognosis 	UNK
it 's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance . 	UNK
usual whoopee-cushion effort 	UNK
a collage of clichés and a dim 	UNK
nauseating 	UNK
hunk 	UNK
more entertaining 	UNK
reality shows -- reality shows for god 's sake ! 	UNK
stirring , funny 	UNK
is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender 	UNK
, perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective . 	UNK
suffered 	UNK
that a good video game movie is going to show up soon 	UNK
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place 	UNK
their largest-ever historical canvas 	UNK
video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all . 	UNK
romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters 	UNK
feel a nagging sense of deja vu 	UNK
so interesting 	UNK
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand . 	UNK
feel-good 	UNK
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach 	UNK
truly deserving of its oscar nomination 	UNK
most resonant film since the killer 	UNK
, scotland , pa would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play . 	UNK
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family 	UNK
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix . 	UNK
by characters so unsympathetic 	UNK
cold , 	UNK
winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . 	UNK
, relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . 	UNK
, i can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain . 	UNK
thumbs up 	UNK
uplifting 	UNK
, but with restraint 	UNK
girls , right down the reality drain 	UNK
( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) 	UNK
bloody beauty 	UNK
a confusing melange of tones and styles , 	UNK
what annoyed me most about god is great 	UNK
a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . 	UNK
pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious 	UNK
charming , quirky , original 	UNK
the great minds 	UNK
a fascinating part 	UNK
something clever 	UNK
most appealing movies 	UNK
one of the best movies of the year 	UNK
joys 	UNK
( cool visual backmasking ) 	UNK
towards child abuse 	UNK
much about the film , including some of its casting 	UNK
milked 	UNK
lovely and 	UNK
sharp comedy , 	UNK
have easily tipped this film into the `` a '' range , as is 	UNK
pale xerox of other , better crime movies . 	UNK
sign 	UNK
getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing 	UNK
is a success 	UNK
pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and 	UNK
movie audiences both innocent and jaded 	UNK
has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 	UNK
as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie 	UNK
exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute 	UNK
done the nearly impossible 	UNK
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . ' 	UNK
brittle desperation 	UNK
the entire point of a shaggy dog story 	UNK
represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken . 	UNK
but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds 	UNK
to be an acidic all-male all about eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the intermezzo strain 	UNK
does a disservice to the audience and to the genre . 	UNK
chance to prove his worth 	UNK
to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine 	UNK
that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , 	UNK
seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation 	UNK
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here 	UNK
great movie 	UNK
a little better than sorcerer 's stone 	UNK
a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist 	UNK
is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone . 	UNK
worked five years ago 	UNK
shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians 	UNK
to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , 	UNK
if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks 	UNK
a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny 	UNK
populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility . 	UNK
major movie 	UNK
a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached . 	UNK
the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm 	UNK
the screenplay , co-written by director imogen kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing . 	UNK
lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit 	UNK
marvelously twisted shapes history 	UNK
following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish 	UNK
have no affinity for most of the characters . 	UNK
, unfunny one 	UNK
animated filmmaking since old walt 	UNK
the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation . 	UNK
in how much they engage and even touch us 	UNK
of death 	UNK
full-bodied performance 	UNK
holds interest 	UNK
what an embarrassment . 	UNK
inventive and mordantly humorous 	UNK
to be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god 's sake ! 	UNK
a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare 's plays . 	UNK
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , but 	UNK
, even the funniest idea is n't funny . 	UNK
is muted 	UNK
the result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable 	UNK
a spectator 	UNK
skillful fisher 	UNK
is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power . 	UNK
unlike lots of hollywood fluff 	UNK
the mark 	UNK
unfortunately 	UNK
the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- 	UNK
carried by a strong sense of humanism 	UNK
dull-witted 	UNK
a retail clerk 	UNK
potentially trite and overused 	UNK
predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor 	UNK
it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but 	UNK
capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke 	UNK
recycled 	UNK
who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers 	UNK
exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace 	UNK
, his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy . 	UNK
a rather unbelievable love interest 	UNK
longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach 	UNK
writings to perform 	UNK
starts out strongly 	UNK
a film school undergrad 	UNK
worked so much better dealing in only one reality 	UNK
has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements . 	UNK
left the theater 	UNK
weaving a theme 	UNK
more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like the bourne identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action 	UNK
pitch-perfect forster 	UNK
joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to 	UNK
status 	UNK
fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines 	UNK
for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love 	UNK
, memory , resistance and artistic transcendence 	UNK
the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions 	UNK
disoriented 	UNK
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and 	UNK
tawdry 	UNK
need another film that praises female self-sacrifice 	UNK
throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material . 	UNK
top-notch 	UNK
is beyond me . 	UNK
all the interesting developments 	UNK
your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects 	UNK
austin powers in goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end . 	UNK
assured of the wrong things 	UNK
resemble their celebrity parents 	UNK
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading 	UNK
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , 	UNK
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , 	UNK
a bad way 	UNK
foster and whitaker are especially fine . 	UNK
dreary and sluggish 	UNK
re-creation 	UNK
that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence 	UNK
in other words , it 's just another sports drama/character study . 	UNK
bask in your own cleverness 	UNK
wastes the talents of its attractive young leads 	UNK
the low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love . 	UNK
like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story 	UNK
it 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie . 	UNK
, this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot . 	UNK
a hunky has-been 	UNK
complete denial about his obsessive behavior 	UNK
a movie of riveting power and sadness 	UNK
clever and 	UNK
that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless 	UNK
... built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids . 	UNK
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental . 	UNK
going through the motions 	UNK
a more down-home flavor 	UNK
feels familiar and tired . 	UNK
versatile stanley kwan 	UNK
are every bit as distinctive as his visuals . 	UNK
ai n't art , by a long shot 	UNK
fingering problems than finding solutions 	UNK
can not even be dubbed hedonistic 	UNK
fine star performances 	UNK
a scummy ripoff 	UNK
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , 	UNK
leaving the theater 	UNK
an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime 	UNK
it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us . 	UNK
they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas 	UNK
it sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations . 	UNK
( grant ) goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it . 	UNK
punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . ' 	UNK
despite downplaying her good looks 	UNK
an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk . 	UNK
promises a new kind of high 	UNK
has a laundry list of minor shortcomings 	UNK
sensational , real-life 19th-century crime 	UNK
puzzle whose pieces do not fit . 	UNK
more streamlined 	UNK
he seems embarrassed to be part of 	UNK
much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it 	UNK
works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . 	UNK
courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis 	UNK
an enjoyable choice 	UNK
( dong ) makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and 	UNK
injects freshness and spirit 	UNK
filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power 	UNK
surrealist 	UNK
morality , family 	UNK
yet engrossing piece 	UNK
things will turn out 	UNK
so good 	UNK
not one clever line of dialogue 	UNK
that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what 	UNK
drug abuse 	UNK
exploitative garbage 	UNK
handbag-clutching 	UNK
greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior . 	UNK
cocktail 	UNK
an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends 	UNK
does n't give you enough to feel good about 	UNK
is a wonderful thing 	UNK
-- and far less crass - 	UNK
the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel 	UNK
the clumsy cliché 	UNK
tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down 	UNK
exceeding expectations 	UNK
so integrated with the story 	UNK
the work of an artist 	UNK
to feel like you were n't invited to the party 	UNK
limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action 	UNK
diane lane 's sophisticated performance ca n't rescue adrian lyne 's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing . 	UNK
too often strains 	UNK
dogs who are smarter than him 	UNK
although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success . 	UNK
for intelligibility 	UNK
with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour 	UNK
's still quite worth 	UNK
, joyous celebration 	UNK
has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience 	UNK
somewhat problematic 	UNK
a sweet , even delectable diversion 	UNK
too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises . 	UNK
beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting 	UNK
you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 	UNK
pays earnest homage to turntablists and 	UNK
the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull . 	UNK
kiddie-oriented stinker 	UNK
potentially incredibly 	UNK
ultimately worthwhile 	UNK
bolster director and co-writer 	UNK
with grace and humor 	UNK
directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ... 	UNK
intrepid 	UNK
a convolution of language that suggests it 	UNK
fang-baring lullaby 	UNK
omits 	UNK
interplay and utter lack 	UNK
has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made 	UNK
shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative 	UNK
a saga 	UNK
is funny . 	UNK
appropriate comic buttons 	UNK
a lovely , sad dance 	UNK
only masochistic moviegoers need apply . 	UNK
whenever you think you 've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop . 	UNK
enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens 	UNK
a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor 	UNK
as disney 's 1937 breakthrough 	UNK
, the humor dwindles . 	UNK
pleasure or 	UNK
, well-made b movie 	UNK
such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence . 	UNK
ambitiously naturalistic 	UNK
lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers . 	UNK
falls flat as a spoof 	UNK
already relayed by superb 	UNK
generous and deep 	UNK
's a sit down and ponder affair 	UNK
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it . 	UNK
fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment 	UNK
a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking 	UNK
our most flamboyant female comics 	UNK
passionate and truthful 	UNK
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing . 	UNK
added clout to this doc 	UNK
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small 	UNK
far more meaningful story 	UNK
not only to his craft , but to his legend 	UNK
keep the film entertaining 	UNK
the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch . 	UNK
to hell 	UNK
this filmed tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed tosca that you want . 	UNK
's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn 	UNK
seriously intended movie 	UNK
they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 	UNK
a mediocre exercise 	UNK
were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes 	UNK
charm and heart 	UNK
of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating 	UNK
a sickening thud 	UNK
for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting 	UNK
inspirational 	UNK
it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film 	UNK
irksome , tiresome nature 	UNK
miraculous as its dreamworks makers 	UNK
wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits 	UNK
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky 's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special . 	UNK
` best part ' of the movie 	UNK
judith and zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics . 	UNK
pretends to be passionate and truthful 	UNK
is too optimistic a title . 	UNK
create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	UNK
by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past 	UNK
will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it 	UNK
a welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story . 	UNK
hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs 	UNK
full of grace 	UNK
a dearth 	UNK
is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit 	UNK
yeah , baby 	UNK
, amusing , sad and reflective 	UNK
enjoyable ... 	UNK
comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives 	UNK
laughably 	UNK
at least terribly monotonous 	UNK
able to look ahead and resist living in a past 	UNK
contains very few laughs and even less surprises . 	UNK
lackluster script 	UNK
might to resist 	UNK
could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors 	UNK
which is nothing to sneeze at these days 	UNK
which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy 	UNK
alienating most 	UNK
perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment 	UNK
cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama 	UNK
neither is well told 	UNK
natural and lovely 	UNK
is superficial and 	UNK
this woefully hackneyed movie , 	UNK
dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film 	UNK
through the audience 's meat grinder one more 	UNK
one of the funnier movies in town . 	UNK
brave and sweetly rendered love story . 	UNK
compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy 	UNK
olympia , wash. , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting 	UNK
a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller 	UNK
's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell . 	UNK
of the war 	UNK
ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints 	UNK
in the conception than it does in the execution 	UNK
has nothing 	UNK
is amused by its special effects 	UNK
literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds . 	UNK
such a bad movie 	UNK
i shamelessly enjoyed it 	UNK
or maybe `` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? '' 	UNK
corny examination 	UNK
the wit 	UNK
even life on an aircraft carrier -- 	UNK
too hard to be mythic 	UNK
a self-indulgent script 	UNK
having a real writer plot 	UNK
afghan tragedies 	UNK
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... 	UNK
to the dullest irish pub scenes 	UNK
goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises 	UNK
what makes this film special is serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context . 	UNK
truly funny bits 	UNK
pseudo-philosophic twaddle 	UNK
hard-to-swallow premise 	UNK
hallmark commercial 	UNK
despair 	UNK
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick 	UNK
this wo n't seem like such a bore 	UNK
we 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher . 	UNK
straightforward , emotionally honest manner 	UNK
truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne 	UNK
develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times . 	UNK
at its best , which occurs often 	UNK
threadbare standbys 	UNK
literate material 	UNK
eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful . 	UNK
director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie 	UNK
despite its floating narrative 	UNK
's no good answer to that one . 	UNK
has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films . 	UNK
in eye-popping visuals 	UNK
all-time great apocalypse movies 	UNK
more than adequately fills the eyes and 	UNK
salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life 	UNK
its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary . 	UNK
than i 'd expected it to be 	UNK
well worth revisiting 	UNK
a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past 	UNK
remarkable procession 	UNK
loses all bite on the big screen . 	UNK
our emotions 	UNK
it 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period . 	UNK
take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad 	UNK
the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director phillip ) noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill 	UNK
an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors 	UNK
a compelling film . 	UNK
makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty 	UNK
's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life 	UNK
a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout -- 	UNK
it would n't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny . 	UNK
as one of the great submarine stories 	UNK
lagaan 	UNK
provide its thrills and extreme emotions 	UNK
marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending 	UNK
seems hopelessly juvenile 	UNK
appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race 	UNK
laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany 	UNK
attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie 	UNK
a movie full of surprises 	UNK
bolstered by exceptional performances and 	UNK
` butterfingered ' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach . 	UNK
a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film 	UNK
turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable 	UNK
entertaining tricks 	UNK
more than competent 	UNK
frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably 	UNK
the miniseries 	UNK
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and 	UNK
turn and devolves 	UNK
have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema 	UNK
the power of the huston performance 	UNK
super troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length . 	UNK
done his subject justice 	UNK
are undeniably touched 	UNK
, parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . ' 	UNK
dirty 	UNK
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , 	UNK
dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care 	UNK
transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision 	UNK
its story is only surface deep 	UNK
is listless , witless , and devoid of anything 	UNK
an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks . 	UNK
movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery 	UNK
one funny popcorn flick . 	UNK
although ... visually striking and slickly staged 	UNK
, masterful 	UNK
wonderfully warm human drama 	UNK
bigger and more ambitious than the first installment 	UNK
now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it 	UNK
worst movie 	UNK
it made me feel unclean , and i 'm the guy who liked there 's something about mary and both american pie movies 	UNK
great minds 	UNK
a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others . 	UNK
ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive 	UNK
scotland looks wonderful , 	UNK
disposable , kitchen-sink homage 	UNK
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but 	UNK
expiration date 	UNK
powerful look 	UNK
such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema 	UNK
a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay 	UNK
catching for griffiths ' warm and winning central performance 	UNK
bind us 	UNK
one strike 	UNK
it was n't horrible either 	UNK
a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna 	UNK
you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky 	UNK
the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose 	UNK
it 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind . 	UNK
, it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role . 	UNK
in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug 	UNK
something of a stiff 	UNK
, retro uplifter . 	UNK
what 's missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behavior . 	UNK
ryan gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel . 	UNK
the otherwise good-naturedness of mr. deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely new york celebrities 	UNK
uses a totally unnecessary prologue , 	UNK
also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting . 	UNK
's very little 	UNK
alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse 	UNK
a one liner as well as anybody 	UNK
the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork 	UNK
totally 	UNK
is far more appealing 	UNK
of very bad scouse accents 	UNK
the sheer beauty of his images 	UNK
of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy 	UNK
this tired retread 	UNK
not quite 	UNK
have pulled off four similar kidnappings before 	UNK
its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock ( since sept. 11 ) . 	UNK
is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe 	UNK
fortunately , elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry . 	UNK
last-minute 	UNK
part of the film 's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz . 	UNK
so aggressively anti-erotic 	UNK
have a hard time sitting through this one 	UNK
reminiscent 	UNK
suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 . 	UNK
deception 	UNK
feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago 	UNK
has severe body odor 	UNK
capture these musicians in full regalia 	UNK
is completely at sea 	UNK
artsy and often pointless 	UNK
spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , 	UNK
huge sacrifice 	UNK
goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it 	UNK
make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season 	UNK
dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut 	UNK
delightful , if minor , 	UNK
no level whatsoever for me 	UNK
to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment 	UNK
is this bad on purpose 	UNK
, that 's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat . 	UNK
is an interesting movie ! '' 	UNK
offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse 	UNK
pertinent and enduring 	UNK
's stylishly directed with verve ... 	UNK
its shortness disappoints 	UNK
deeply meditative picture 	UNK
until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism 	UNK
this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy 	UNK
compassionate spirit 	UNK
great dragons ! 	UNK
i have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short 	UNK
a memorable experience 	UNK
serves up with style and empathy 	UNK
keep our interest 	UNK
gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences 	UNK
absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters 	UNK
( the characters ' ) misery 	UNK
hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions 	UNK
effectiveness 	UNK
the one not-so-small problem with expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point . 	UNK
an intriguing twist 	UNK
succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless 	UNK
rejects 	UNK
infidelity and 	UNK
a genuinely funny ensemble 	UNK
got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out 	UNK
fabulously funny 	UNK
might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine 	UNK
seems worth the effort . 	UNK
terrific date movie 	UNK
not a trace of humanity or empathy 	UNK
fourth feature 	UNK
reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable . 	UNK
a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen 	UNK
predictable plot 	UNK
the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago 	UNK
does strong , measured work 	UNK
more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent 	UNK
it is n't that funny 	UNK
slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze 	UNK
sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack 	UNK
squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story 	UNK
an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale . 	UNK
crowd-pleasing goals 	UNK
tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film 	UNK
does its best 	UNK
solid ' 	UNK
a baffling subplot 	UNK
like a room stacked with pungent flowers 	UNK
amuses 	UNK
tasteful 	UNK
on its empty head 	UNK
to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie 	UNK
recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders 	UNK
's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid 	UNK
numbingly dull experience 	UNK
the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad 	UNK
never comes together as a coherent whole . 	UNK
i think it was plato who said , ' i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theater for this one 	UNK
cute drama 	UNK
, taut , piercing and feisty 	UNK
cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . 	UNK
the movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks . 	UNK
unturned 	UNK
far more successful 	UNK
a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic . 	UNK
has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism 	UNK
being able to creep the living hell out of you 	UNK
ourside the theater roger might be intolerable company , 	UNK
it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway . 	UNK
deeply biased , and wholly 	UNK
failing , ultimately , 	UNK
this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action . 	UNK
without having much dramatic impact 	UNK
into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell 	UNK
the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch 	UNK
of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati 	UNK
uplifting and moving 	UNK
already tired 	UNK
manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum . 	UNK
marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today . 	UNK
worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames 	UNK
the scruffy sands of its titular community 	UNK
as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful 	UNK
to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue 	UNK
a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving 	UNK
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy 	UNK
the film has some of the best special effects ever 	UNK
see this turd squashed 	UNK
( a ) soulless , stupid sequel 	UNK
it 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity . 	UNK
what goes on for the 110 minutes of `` panic room '' 	UNK
creatively 	UNK
sillier , not scarier 	UNK
the actors are simply too good 	UNK
is one only a true believer could relish . 	UNK
signals director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema 	UNK
( reaches ) wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair 	UNK
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so 	UNK
crappy movies 	UNK
make a big splash 	UNK
an equally assured narrative coinage 	UNK
a beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . ' 	UNK
recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to do n't look back . 	UNK
of clichés and a dim 	UNK
gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements 	UNK
underestimated 	UNK
is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast 	UNK
does n't have big screen magic 	UNK
... pitiful , slapdash disaster . 	UNK
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , 	UNK
a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged . 	UNK
unbearable 	UNK
to be moved by this drama 	UNK
a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying 	UNK
manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish 	UNK
distracting 	UNK
from the guy-in-a-dress genre 	UNK
the consequences of its own actions and revelations 	UNK
it is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film . 	UNK
this trite , predictable rehash 	UNK
uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd 	UNK
benefited from a sharper , cleaner script 	UNK
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) 	UNK
just as endearing and easy 	UNK
into by-the-numbers territory 	UNK
i feel better already . 	UNK
never quite 	UNK
, i thought i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign . 	UNK
of the rarest kinds of films 	UNK
this masterful 	UNK
is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems . 	UNK
overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors 	UNK
its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity 	UNK
's too long and unfocused 	UNK
like-themed film 	UNK
exceedingly dull 	UNK
the mood is laid back 	UNK
the movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing . 	UNK
debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined 	UNK
helmer hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome 	UNK
sneak out of the theater 	UNK
unsalvageability 	UNK
a successful adaptation 	UNK
ambiguous 	UNK
is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies . 	UNK
you barely realize your mind is being blown . 	UNK
true 	UNK
adrenalized 	UNK
hollywood excess 	UNK
would have saved this film a world of hurt . 	UNK
a servicable world war ii drama 	UNK
zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups 	UNK
( moore 's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions . 	UNK
should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame 	UNK
a clever pseudo-bio 	UNK
first-rate 	UNK
low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off 	UNK
since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth 	UNK
sentimentality and annoying stereotypes 	UNK
more than a 	UNK
a movie without an apparent audience 	UNK
keep things interesting 	UNK
the stomach-knotting suspense 	UNK
first film something of a sleeper success 	UNK
the best movie 	UNK
returning director rob minkoff ... and screenwriter bruce joel rubin ... have done a fine job of updating white 's dry wit to a new age . 	UNK
beat-the-clock thriller 	UNK
collision 	UNK
an intelligent and deeply 	UNK
pleasant distraction 	UNK
to come from an american director in years 	UNK
thoroughly entertaining comedy that 	UNK
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , 	UNK
dramatic enough 	UNK
change hackneyed concepts 	UNK
credulous , unassuming , subordinate 	UNK
dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags 	UNK
a bold ( and lovely ) experiment 	UNK
undeniably exceedingly clever 	UNK
taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings 	UNK
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting 	UNK
frittered 	UNK
to mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady 	UNK
its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes 	UNK
is even better than the fellowship . 	UNK
could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage . 	UNK
deceptively simple , deeply satisfying 	UNK
such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images 	UNK
utterly delightful . 	UNK
reaches 	UNK
imperfect 	UNK
ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside 	UNK
like kubrick , soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way . 	UNK
will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story 	UNK
a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers 	UNK
it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire . 	UNK
` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women 	UNK
the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail . 	UNK
every-joke-has - been-told-a 	UNK
carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades 	UNK
amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario 	UNK
it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 	UNK
induce sleep than fright 	UNK
the film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking . 	UNK
funniest moments 	UNK
an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress 	UNK
glee 	UNK
the quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths . 	UNK
protagonists 	UNK
with terrific flair 	UNK
does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it . 	UNK
by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos 	UNK
shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action 	UNK
know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics 	UNK
's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that . 	UNK
blandly go where we went 8 movies ago 	UNK
painfully slow cliche-ridden film 	UNK
the writing is indifferent , 	UNK
of its own brilliance 	UNK
ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff . 	UNK
it all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer . 	UNK
misanthropic stuff 	UNK
one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material 	UNK
the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them 	UNK
quite touching 	UNK
keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions 	UNK
with this one too 	UNK
surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy . 	UNK
developed characters so much 	UNK
, populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility . 	UNK
the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine 	UNK
's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés . 	UNK
a defiantly retro chord 	UNK
efficiently 	UNK
the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , 	UNK
faced 	UNK
first-time director joão pedro rodrigues ' unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations 	UNK
in his role of observer of the scene , lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature . 	UNK
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters 	UNK
the film does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half 	UNK
its bold presentation 	UNK
the wild thornberrys movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate . 	UNK
makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion 	UNK
vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world 	UNK
there is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us . 	UNK
hard-edged stuff 	UNK
arrive early 	UNK
unholy hokum 	UNK
is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects . 	UNK
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming . 	UNK
straightforward and 	UNK
with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy 	UNK
be as entertaining 	UNK
'll find in this dreary mess . 	UNK
to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	UNK
terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid 	UNK
underdeveloped effort 	UNK
it 's an ambitious film , 	UNK
, the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care . 	UNK
all hollywood fantasies 	UNK
warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed 	UNK
castro 	UNK
that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense 	UNK
mctiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious . 	UNK
a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school 	UNK
charismatic jackie chan 	UNK
skillfully assembled 	UNK
what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year 	UNK
i 'm not 	UNK
relies on more than special effects 	UNK
's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team 	UNK
's insanely violent and very graphic 	UNK
rises to a higher level 	UNK
a slick , 	UNK
to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script 	UNK
and sumptuous stream 	UNK
it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry 	UNK
with such exuberance and passion 	UNK
meandering ending 	UNK
schlocky 	UNK
realistic , non-exploitive approach 	UNK
overcooked 	UNK
( soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence 	UNK
a witty , whimsical feature 	UNK
stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences 	UNK
skewed to ever get a hold on 	UNK
as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen 	UNK
an act of spiritual faith 	UNK
though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations 	UNK
's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break 	UNK
perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey 	UNK
is good , except its timing 	UNK
an uninspired philosophical epiphany 	UNK
spiced 	UNK
listless and desultory affair 	UNK
if the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that 's because panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat . 	UNK
's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair . 	UNK
want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness 	UNK
he gives the story some soul 	UNK
an enthralling aesthetic experience , 	UNK
brussels 	UNK
, albeit half-baked , 	UNK
rusted-out ruin 	UNK
fine acting moments 	UNK
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) 	UNK
a sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions . 	UNK
those crass , contrived sequels 	UNK
besson has written in years 	UNK
delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie 	UNK
, the humor has point 	UNK
no reason for being 	UNK
charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate 	UNK
nonsense 	UNK
the smarter offerings the horror genre 	UNK
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson 	UNK
growing up that we do n't see often enough these days 	UNK
that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema 	UNK
that this is one summer film that satisfies 	UNK
forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today 	UNK
creepy-scary thriller 	UNK
dangerously honest 	UNK
this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it 	UNK
the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion 	UNK
an intense political and psychological thriller 	UNK
thoroughly dull 	UNK
a fine production with splendid singing 	UNK
any of the signposts , as if 	UNK
gusto 	UNK
gone badly awry 	UNK
're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned 	UNK
nothing wrong with performances here , 	UNK
it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest . 	UNK
hack nick davies 	UNK
an uplifting 	UNK
name-calling 	UNK
but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , 	UNK
nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight 	UNK
has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film 	UNK
hardest 	UNK
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy 	UNK
showcases 	UNK
quite a vision 	UNK
cause parents a few sleepless hours -- 	UNK
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode 	UNK
like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long 	UNK
an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place 	UNK
, repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue . 	UNK
a minor miracle 	UNK
an admirable , 	UNK
more re-creations of all those famous moments 	UNK
98 	UNK
some of the camera work is interesting 	UNK
what a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve 	UNK
the best sports movie i 've ever seen 	UNK
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general 	UNK
coming close to bowling you over 	UNK
skillful filmmaker 	UNK
to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history 	UNK
of love , family and all that 	UNK
the premise of `` abandon '' holds promise , ... 	UNK
black-and-white 	UNK
it does somehow manage to get you under its spell . 	UNK
lightly entertaining 	UNK
is nonjudgmental , and 	UNK
spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot 	UNK
as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , 	UNK
only to record the events for posterity , but 	UNK
exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming 	UNK
a grating 	UNK
plain bad 	UNK
hollywood is sordid and disgusting . 	UNK
race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout 	UNK
triumphant 	UNK
sits there like a side dish no one ordered 	UNK
imaginative flight 	UNK
really awful 	UNK
with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half 	UNK
little-remembered 	UNK
blame eddie murphy 	UNK
less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and 	UNK
out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés . 	UNK
persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts 	UNK
the schmaltz is manufactured 	UNK
used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again 	UNK
see over and over again 	UNK
it 's worth yet another visit 	UNK
a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family . 	UNK
a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece 	UNK
human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- 	UNK
recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face 	UNK
it 's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again . 	UNK
is even remotely new or interesting 	UNK
bone-chilling 	UNK
barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested 	UNK
constantly touching , surprisingly funny 	UNK
are in perfect balance . 	UNK
feels universal 	UNK
dud 	UNK
is a mediocre movie trying to get out 	UNK
, is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies . 	UNK
was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh 	UNK
of vampire fun 	UNK
of the man 	UNK
charm or 	UNK
a bilingual charmer 	UNK
you love it 	UNK
its dying , 	UNK
must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks 	UNK
gracious 	UNK
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy 	UNK
iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce . 	UNK
's worth the concentration . 	UNK
does such high-profile talent serve such literate material 	UNK
`` sorority boys '' was funnier 	UNK
jordan jealous 	UNK
bracingly truthful 	UNK
with a hard-to-swallow premise 	UNK
an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart 	UNK
waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense 	UNK
that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in 	UNK
84 minutes is short 	UNK
of privileged moments and memorable performances 	UNK
, it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation . 	UNK
, spicy footnote 	UNK
deft and subtle 	UNK
even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece 	UNK
three hours and with very little story or character development 	UNK
-- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- 	UNK
dirty faces 	UNK
witherspoon 's talents 	UNK
's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby 	UNK
clunker 	UNK
, is funny and looks professional . 	UNK
photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces 	UNK
that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations 	UNK
feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism . 	UNK
horrid little propaganda film 	UNK
i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater 	UNK
he does this so well 	UNK
as two-day old porridge 	UNK
-- and gross -- 	UNK
seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense 	UNK
it 's in danger of going wrong 	UNK
out ballsy and stylish 	UNK
manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference . 	UNK
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one 	UNK
champion 	UNK
dumbed-down tactics 	UNK
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , 	UNK
's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it . 	UNK
has never looked uglier 	UNK
entertaining movie 	UNK
is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad . 	UNK
boffo last hour 	UNK
( a ) slummer . 	UNK
a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama . 	UNK
sounds whiny and defensive , 	UNK
of how very bad a motion picture can truly be 	UNK
as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as spider-man 	UNK
a film that is both gripping and compelling 	UNK
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly 	UNK
make the stones weep -- 	UNK
nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy 	UNK
aspired 	UNK
if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees 	UNK
is a rather toothless take on a hard young life 	UNK
that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject 	UNK
oscar nomination 	UNK
that ` alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) 	UNK
frothy ` date movie 	UNK
are both excellent , 	UNK
described as sci-fi generic 	UNK
confusion is one of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it . 	UNK
such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show . 	UNK
what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip . 	UNK
alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes . 	UNK
escaped the rut dug by the last one 	UNK
funnier gags 	UNK
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality 	UNK
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , 	UNK
that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort 	UNK
about as enjoyable 	UNK
their most virtuous limits 	UNK
this sucker 	UNK
jeffrey tambor 's 	UNK
keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste 	UNK
the coen brothers and 	UNK
treat 	UNK
open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning 	UNK
reasonably entertaining 	UNK
will wear thin on all 	UNK
that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived 	UNK
pryor wannabe 	UNK
holland lets things peter out midway , 	UNK
even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation 	UNK
wrong with that 	UNK
to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure 	UNK
more trifle than triumph 	UNK
demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged 	UNK
there 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment 	UNK
got aids 	UNK
, it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest . 	UNK
smoothly sinister freddie 	UNK
nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored 	UNK
crisp framing , 	UNK
all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness 	UNK
the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it 	UNK
'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police 	UNK
just sits there like a side dish no one ordered . 	UNK
sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem 	UNK
an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation . 	UNK
off-kilter dialogue 	UNK
barrie good time 	UNK
the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it . 	UNK
paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work . 	UNK
true inspiration 	UNK
ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) 	UNK
has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style . 	UNK
a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death 	UNK
into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie 	UNK
of love and humility 	UNK
drag the movie down 	UNK
as vincent became more and more abhorrent 	UNK
there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie 	UNK
difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are 	UNK
suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories . 	UNK
the labyrinthine ways 	UNK
pass this stinker off 	UNK
of becoming a better person through love 	UNK
by a script that assumes you are n't very bright 	UNK
slightly wised-up kids 	UNK
unafraid to throw elbows when necessary 	UNK
immensely enjoyable 	UNK
does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness 	UNK
kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked 	UNK
some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theater for some time . 	UNK
tense with suspense 	UNK
green ruins every single scene he 's in 	UNK
, he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` do not go gentle into that good theatre . ' 	UNK
may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar 	UNK
is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life 	UNK
spirit 's visual imagination 	UNK
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely 	UNK
the comic opportunities richly rewarded 	UNK
be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back 	UNK
flawless film , ( wang ) emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers . 	UNK
burn the negative and the script and 	UNK
to be a one-trick pony 	UNK
but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera . 	UNK
funny 	UNK
rather unique 	UNK
the quirky drama 	UNK
far more entertaining than i had expected 	UNK
is as thought-provoking 	UNK
and crude humor 	UNK
's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn . 	UNK
, green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese . 	UNK
that has made tucker a star 	UNK
's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot 	UNK
what sets ms. birot 's film apart from others in the genre 	UNK
as a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character . 	UNK
a backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship . 	UNK
( l ) ame and unnecessary . 	UNK
about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater . 	UNK
's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout . 	UNK
that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences 	UNK
nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one 	UNK
little more than a well-mounted history lesson 	UNK
romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows 	UNK
spent watching this waste of time 	UNK
loosely connected 	UNK
the movie 's seams may show ... but 	UNK
ultimate demise 	UNK
benefits from serendipity but 	UNK
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , 	UNK
the characters move with grace and panache 	UNK
handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter 	UNK
been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie 	UNK
in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did 	UNK
visually unappealing 	UNK
hideousness 	UNK
intelligent , and humanly funny film . 	UNK
formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast 	UNK
this story to go but down 	UNK
'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year . 	UNK
easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and 	UNK
jaded 	UNK
the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period 	UNK
an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , 	UNK
into the trap of pretention 	UNK
... is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality . 	UNK
bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 	UNK
the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes 	UNK
us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher 	UNK
few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying . 	UNK
find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her 	UNK
a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving 	UNK
questions cinema 's capability for recording truth 	UNK
the charismatic jackie chan 	UNK
ill-conceived action pieces 	UNK
a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film . 	UNK
retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching 	UNK
, moving 	UNK
's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with 	UNK
looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script 	UNK
in the excesses of writer-director roger avary 	UNK
is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film . 	UNK
with daring and verve 	UNK
strives to be more , but does n't quite get there . 	UNK
no justice 	UNK
never lacks in eye-popping visuals 	UNK
columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie 	UNK
played-out idea 	UNK
silliness 	UNK
one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time 	UNK
, paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip . 	UNK
silences 	UNK
most repellent things 	UNK
comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break 	UNK
into an a-list director 	UNK
a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior 	UNK
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story . 	UNK
delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem . 	UNK
contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing 	UNK
is an engaging and exciting narrative of man confronting the demons of his own fear and paranoia 	UNK
its passages of sensitive observation 	UNK
a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . 	UNK
a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema 	UNK
deceptively amusing 	UNK
beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures . 	UNK
loads of cgi and bushels of violence 	UNK
the very best 	UNK
sci-fi thriller 	UNK
listless direction 	UNK
hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless . 	UNK
the delicious trimmings ... 	UNK
engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese ` cultural revolution . ' 	UNK
nothing good 	UNK
advancing this vision 	UNK
is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues . 	UNK
lethargically 	UNK
, mesmerizing 	UNK
a pretty good overall picture of the situation 	UNK
could ever have hoped to be 	UNK
the holiday message of the 37-minute santa vs. the snowman leaves a lot to be desired . 	UNK
will likely prefer to keep on watching 	UNK
this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure 	UNK
trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! '' 	UNK
both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter . 	UNK
has never made anything that was n't at least watchable 	UNK
still have to see this ! 	UNK
with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves 	UNK
remind one of a really solid woody allen film , 	UNK
how inept is serving sara ? 	UNK
almost in a class with that of wilde 	UNK
just plain bad 	UNK
a good time 	UNK
's no art here 	UNK
'll love this movie 	UNK
as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort 	UNK
and -- sadly -- dull 	UNK
swept away ' 	UNK
hate 	UNK
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal . 	UNK
of all hollywood fantasies 	UNK
the series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities . 	UNK
their feces 	UNK
nonsense machine 	UNK
will be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus 	UNK
of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers 	UNK
fierce grandeur 	UNK
fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own 	UNK
is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker 	UNK
overused cocktail 	UNK
the movie is a disaster . 	UNK
the year selection 	UNK
, home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it . 	UNK
another gross-out college comedy -- ugh . 	UNK
with wisdom and emotion 	UNK
in gross-out humor 	UNK
sleek 	UNK
help but engage 	UNK
laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . 	UNK
huge box-office 	UNK
twisted sense 	UNK
, brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . 	UNK
with style and empathy 	UNK
spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby 	UNK
the film has ( its ) moments , but they are few and far between . 	UNK
make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up 	UNK
just is n't a very involving one 	UNK
as plain and pedestrian as catsup -- 	UNK
being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing 	UNK
colorful bio-pic 	UNK
a strangely sinister happy ending 	UNK
going for that pg-13 rating 	UNK
attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago 	UNK
cross-dressing 	UNK
a skillful filmmaker 	UNK
succeeds in diminishing his stature from oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack 	UNK
( sam 's ) self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining . 	UNK
her presence succeeds in making us believe 	UNK
to term an `` ambitious failure 	UNK
dared 	UNK
devote time to see it 	UNK
smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country . 	UNK
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , 	UNK
's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage 	UNK
the typical hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here 	UNK
of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results 	UNK
allegedly inspiring and easily marketable 	UNK
a rare treat 	UNK
good and 	UNK
your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts 	UNK
to which anyone can relate 	UNK
meyjes ' provocative film 	UNK
prettiest 	UNK
hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull 	UNK
a light , yet engrossing piece 	UNK
a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an alice in wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv 's big brother . 	UNK
loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into . 	UNK
`` a '' range 	UNK
hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in about a boy . 	UNK
in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship 	UNK
plotless , 	UNK
, indescribably bad 	UNK
's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form . 	UNK
the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card . 	UNK
growing , moldering pile 	UNK
tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic 	UNK
slickly 	UNK
a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last 	UNK
grating 	UNK
would gobble in dolby digital stereo 	UNK
too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time 	UNK
it ranks with the best of herzog 's works 	UNK
its visual imagination is breathtaking 	UNK
each other against all odds 	UNK
of those so-so films that could have been much better 	UNK
that makes it worth checking out at theaters 	UNK
only has about 25 minutes of decent material . 	UNK
a case of masochism and an hour and a half 	UNK
drags , underscoring the obvious 	UNK
witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and 	UNK
if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride . 	UNK
both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ? 	UNK
equally great 	UNK
contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion 	UNK
generic 	UNK
remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity 	UNK
lovefest 	UNK
to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd 	UNK
that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project 	UNK
decent ones 	UNK
two surefire , beloved genres 	UNK
sweet without the decay factor 	UNK
are amiable and committed 	UNK
roiling black-and-white inspires 	UNK
to match the power of their surroundings 	UNK
makes no sense 	UNK
is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface . 	UNK
it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve 	UNK
entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal . 	UNK
demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded 	UNK
an irresistible , languid romanticism 	UNK
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out . 	UNK
lively dream 	UNK
the thinness of its characterizations 	UNK
a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string 	UNK
can seem tiresomely simpleminded 	UNK
shyamalan 's gifts , 	UNK
have marked an emerging indian american cinema 	UNK
bad hair design 	UNK
to convince us that acting transfigures esther 	UNK
watch these two together again in a new york minute 	UNK
( cuarón has ) created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy . 	UNK
the poor quality 	UNK
an insultingly unbelievable final act 	UNK
hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay 	UNK
be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , 	UNK
does a disservice 	UNK
is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy . 	UNK
watch barbershop again if you 're in need of a cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through 	UNK
topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs . 	UNK
good theatre 	UNK
of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case 	UNK
is a truly , truly bad movie 	UNK
astonishing 	UNK
truth and realism 	UNK
even its target audience talked all the way through it 	UNK
the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension . 	UNK
as beautiful 	UNK
's touching and tender and 	UNK
has been lost in the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise 	UNK
are neither original nor are presented in convincing way 	UNK
this very compelling tale 	UNK
great help 	UNK
dehumanizing and ego-destroying process 	UNK
no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell 	UNK
goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest 	UNK
is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work 	UNK
shiver-inducing 	UNK
questionable satirical ambivalence 	UNK
a very entertaining , thought-provoking film 	UNK
is brilliant , really 	UNK
delicate , clever 	UNK
is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie . 	UNK
at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd . 	UNK
put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) 	UNK
dazzling entertainment 	UNK
fairly irresistible package 	UNK
a heavy-handed indictment 	UNK
does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it 	UNK
exist only for its climactic setpiece 	UNK
one not-so-small problem 	UNK
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms. ambrose . 	UNK
that made the first film so special 	UNK
cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style 	UNK
the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer . 	UNK
the dullest irish pub scenes 	UNK
her pale , dark beauty and 	UNK
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare . 	UNK
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots . 	UNK
he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 	UNK
i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special 	UNK
may not be an important movie , or even a good one 	UNK
mediocre fable from burkina faso . 	UNK
that comes through all too painfully in the execution 	UNK
, it would still be beyond comprehension 	UNK
lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth 	UNK
get 	UNK
more entertaining , too 	UNK
undernourished 	UNK
phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american . 	UNK
high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks 	UNK
some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson 	UNK
crafty and intelligent 	UNK
an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses . 	UNK
cornball sequel 	UNK
is the most visually unappealing . 	UNK
the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture 	UNK
too-long , spoofy update 	UNK
do bad things 	UNK
illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity 	UNK
all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad . 	UNK
it 's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today . 	UNK
devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry 	UNK
cultural identity 	UNK
avoid this like the dreaded king brown snake 	UNK
full frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature 	UNK
transparently hypocritical work 	UNK
apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it . 	UNK
struggles 	UNK
's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease . 	UNK
robbed 	UNK
some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments . 	UNK
( and beautifully edited 	UNK
, sylvie testud is icily brilliant . 	UNK
and mind-numbing indifference 	UNK
john carpenter 's original 	UNK
the always hilarious meara and levy 	UNK
smell the grease on the plot 	UNK
there 's a lot to recommend read my lips . 	UNK
of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart 	UNK
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome 	UNK
pure 	UNK
earthly 	UNK
shaky , uncertain film 	UNK
's a love story as sanguine as its title 	UNK
is mesmerizing 	UNK
direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism 	UNK
, it 's mission accomplished 	UNK
honest emotions 	UNK
the cat 's meow marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich ... 	UNK
quirky and fearless ability 	UNK
puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting 	UNK
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and 	UNK
should not 	UNK
a remarkable piece 	UNK
like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens 	UNK
its own ironic implications 	UNK
's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 	UNK
may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form 	UNK
renowned 	UNK
earn our love 	UNK
if you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you - -- decasia 	UNK
its charms and 	UNK
watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media 	UNK
inevitably consigned 	UNK
with stunning animation 	UNK
the translation ... another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise 	UNK
with a visual style unique and inherent 	UNK
the sleekness 	UNK
for a quick-buck sequel 	UNK
tell you how tedious 	UNK
it 's a frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be . 	UNK
way cheaper ( and better ) 	UNK
a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination 	UNK
graceless and 	UNK
mr. polanski is in his element here : 	UNK
an open wound 	UNK
is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice 	UNK
entertaining and 	UNK
johnnie to and wai ka fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers . 	UNK
belly laugh 	UNK
a laugh riot 	UNK
glued to the screen 	UNK
canny and spiced 	UNK
what saves it ... and makes it 	UNK
a truly annoying pitch 	UNK
the hype 	UNK
a lightweight story about matchmaking 	UNK
laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half 	UNK
believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before 	UNK
is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script 	UNK
durable 	UNK
its new england characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial 	UNK
compatible 	UNK
a serious drama 	UNK
tres greek writer and star nia vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script . 	UNK
is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein , and i 'm just about ready to go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike . 	UNK
the material 	UNK
is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films . 	UNK
attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight 	UNK
need , neurosis and nervy 	UNK
writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured . 	UNK
a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality 	UNK
self-promotion 	UNK
to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins 	UNK
rampant adultery 	UNK
of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen 	UNK
help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation 	UNK
the filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance 	UNK
girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch 	UNK
our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man 	UNK
crudup 's screen presence 	UNK
comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours 	UNK
treasured 	UNK
but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman 's script 	UNK
of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics 	UNK
rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide . 	UNK
imperfect , love-hate relationship 	UNK
the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d . 	UNK
the annoyance 	UNK
that it ends up being surprisingly dull 	UNK
you have the patience for it 	UNK
it were any more of a turkey 	UNK
the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time 	UNK
a shaky , uncertain film 	UNK
's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny 	UNK
playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries 	UNK
sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness . 	UNK
the most sincere and artful movie 	UNK
a bad taste in your mouth and questions 	UNK
unlike last year 's lame musketeer , this dumas adaptation entertains 	UNK
lookin ' for sin , american-style ? 	UNK
's a minor treat 	UNK
the action and 	UNK
skilled actors 	UNK
without your pulse ever racing 	UNK
growth 	UNK
it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- 	UNK
, like silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin . 	UNK
i do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit 	UNK
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity 	UNK
that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable 	UNK
even though it 's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth . 	UNK
a moving picture that does not move . 	UNK
a frustrating patchwork : 	UNK
as hilarious lunacy 	UNK
the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza 	UNK
spreading 	UNK
very depressing movie 	UNK
are mesmerizing 	UNK
might add -- slice of comedic bliss 	UNK
dreamy and evocative 	UNK
painfully unfunny farce 	UNK
is n't very bright 	UNK
move over bond 	UNK
definitive account 	UNK
an interesting exercise 	UNK
the only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time . 	UNK
writer-director david jacobson and his star , jeremy renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted . 	UNK
's the sweet cinderella story 	UNK
the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times 	UNK
as darkly funny 	UNK
a disaster of a drama 	UNK
the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time 	UNK
's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen 	UNK
does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that . 	UNK
sour 	UNK
like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks 	UNK
all the bad things in the world / 	UNK
this is the most visually unappealing . 	UNK
as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand 	UNK
delirious fun . 	UNK
lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension . 	UNK
is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one 	UNK
look like cheap hysterics 	UNK
's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling 	UNK
to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity 	UNK
reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking 	UNK
's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles 	UNK
that malarkey 	UNK
monster/science fiction flicks 	UNK
to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable 	UNK
that special annex of hell 	UNK
incredibly hokey 	UNK
fluffy and disposible 	UNK
fascinating little tale 	UNK
it 's never too late to believe in your dreams . ' 	UNK
i 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year . 	UNK
the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched . 	UNK
so many explosions 	UNK
the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian . 	UNK
nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending . 	UNK
seems timely and important . 	UNK
, soap opera-ish dialogue 	UNK
close to losing my lunch 	UNK
settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs 	UNK
director carl franklin , so crisp and economical in one false move , 	UNK
a lot of the smaller scenes 	UNK
chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe . 	UNK
with a great premise 	UNK
appalling as any ` comedy ' 	UNK
an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice 	UNK
love liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit . 	UNK
hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as 	UNK
's icky . 	UNK
wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt 	UNK
made me feel unclean 	UNK
like saturday morning tv in the '60s 	UNK
astonishing grandeur 	UNK
fully endear itself to american art house audiences 	UNK
is a step down 	UNK
does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes 	UNK
be this good 	UNK
the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover . 	UNK
heavy with flabby rolls of typical toback machinations 	UNK
two towers outdoes its spectacle . 	UNK
antic spirits 	UNK
mark ms. bullock 's best work 	UNK
of slapstick sequences 	UNK
imaginable 	UNK
is a hilarious adventure 	UNK
more trifle than triumph . 	UNK
's mission accomplished 	UNK
a mediocre tribute to films like them 	UNK
unmemorable filler 	UNK
well-made entertainment 	UNK
what little grace ( rifkin 's ) tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves 	UNK
which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way 	UNK
ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr. de niro . 	UNK
is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort 	UNK
that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough 	UNK
but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote 	UNK
oozes craft . 	UNK
does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds 	UNK
where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say 	UNK
succeeds . 	UNK
that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone 	UNK
well-done supernatural thriller 	UNK
the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations . 	UNK
is , we have no idea what in creation is going on . 	UNK
vulgar dialogue 	UNK
sweet time building 	UNK
of the best gay love stories 	UNK
a dirty old man 	UNK
it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash . 	UNK
no special effects , and 	UNK
the real thing 	UNK
female friendship that men can embrace 	UNK
of emotional desperation 	UNK
watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . 	UNK
makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , 	UNK
a thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos . 	UNK
threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans . 	UNK
silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick 	UNK
shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans 	UNK
several cliched movie structures : the road movie , 	UNK
faster , livelier and 	UNK
, funny , and even touching 	UNK
is well 	UNK
its own style 	UNK
of nijinsky 	UNK
interesting controversy 	UNK
incinerates frank capra 's classic 	UNK
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining . 	UNK
this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , 	UNK
sweet and fluffy 	UNK
) are such a companionable couple 	UNK
how good 	UNK
dull , brain-deadening hangover 	UNK
little sticky and unsatisfied 	UNK
charisma and 	UNK
also a -- dare i say it twice -- 	UNK
blushing to gushing -- imamura squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge ' 	UNK
eccentrics 	UNK
's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug 	UNK
anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket should catch this imax offering . 	UNK
leaves scant place for the viewer 	UNK
even if it made its original release date last fall , it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness . 	UNK
of the victorious revolutionaries 	UNK
a positive ( if tragic ) note 	UNK
intelligence and originality 	UNK
also somewhat touched 	UNK
its lackluster gear of emotional blandness 	UNK
cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements 	UNK
opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche 	UNK
much worse than bland 	UNK
took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long . 	UNK
overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration 	UNK
assured and stylish 	UNK
a ragbag of cliches . 	UNK
of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with 	UNK
as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking 	UNK
the soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot . 	UNK
rubbish 	UNK
even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks , it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice . 	UNK
a breathtaking adventure 	UNK
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard 	UNK
wind-in-the-hair exhilarating 	UNK
of true inspiration 	UNK
a good movie ye who enter here 	UNK
a flat , unconvincing drama 	UNK
are so hilarious 	UNK
great to look at , and funny 	UNK
russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage . 	UNK
dread 	UNK
may seem disappointing in its generalities 	UNK
extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability 	UNK
more offended by his lack of faith in his audience 	UNK
to its clever what-if concept 	UNK
so crazy ! 	UNK
relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form 	UNK
make like the title and dodge this one 	UNK
a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind 	UNK
a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age 	UNK
balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident 	UNK
remarkable and 	UNK
warmth and gentle humor 	UNK
life affirming 	UNK
the whiney characters bugged me 	UNK
wilco fans will have a great time , and 	UNK
19 stays afloat as decent drama/action flick 	UNK
ask for a raise 	UNK
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , 	UNK
moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture 	UNK
a hard time sitting through this one 	UNK
is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film 	UNK
perversity 	UNK
does n't have much to say beyond the news 	UNK
a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth 	UNK
rather than real figures , elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world . 	UNK
frighten and 	UNK
ruin 	UNK
intriguing look 	UNK
is that it avoids the obvious with humor and lightness 	UNK
very handsomely produced 	UNK
do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies 	UNK
films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature 	UNK
a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary . 	UNK
is gratefully received 	UNK
's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters 	UNK
two bodies and hardly a laugh between them 	UNK
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism 	UNK
pays off and 	UNK
that the talented cast generally 	UNK
you see this film you 'll know too 	UNK
every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat . 	UNK
the efforts of a first-rate cast 	UNK
pleasant tale 	UNK
frothy ` date movie ' ... 	UNK
laugh-a-minute 	UNK
deflated 	UNK
nice piece of work . 	UNK
trying to be more complex than your average film 	UNK
recording 	UNK
it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score 	UNK
's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective 	UNK
yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i did n't 	UNK
fresh , sometimes funny , 	UNK
visually , ` santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative . 	UNK
it 's not scary in the slightest 	UNK
than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades 	UNK
, imaginative kid 's movie 	UNK
have an interest in the characters you see 	UNK
sheerly cinematic appeal 	UNK
the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor 	UNK
is hard to resist 	UNK
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one 	UNK
parents love to have their kids 	UNK
feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema 	UNK
perfect festival film 	UNK
, simple-minded and stereotypical 	UNK
the filmmakers know how to please the eye 	UNK
offend everyone 	UNK
in ( this ) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot 	UNK
although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , `` orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be . 	UNK
virtually joyless 	UNK
is fluid and quick 	UNK
with a searing lead performance 	UNK
it 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work . 	UNK
feels contrived 	UNK
, holds the screen like a true star . 	UNK
in a class with spike lee 's masterful 	UNK
is actually quite entertaining . 	UNK
's definitely an improvement on the first blade 	UNK
silly-looking 	UNK
a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together . 	UNK
altogether darker side 	UNK
unrelated 	UNK
is really funny 	UNK
richer and more observant 	UNK
cleverness , wit or 	UNK
the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely . 	UNK
insightful and 	UNK
shockingly bad and 	UNK
eloquent film 	UNK
is painfully formulaic and stilted . 	UNK
anyone who wants to start writing screenplays 	UNK
cartoonish performance 	UNK
the redeeming feature of chan 's films 	UNK
takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours 	UNK
the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing 	UNK
most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots . 	UNK
p ) 	UNK
the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill . 	UNK
angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence 	UNK
even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century 	UNK
attempts to be grandiloquent , but 	UNK
want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 	UNK
like horrible poetry 	UNK
that sink it faster than a leaky freighter 	UNK
gives poor dana carvey nothing 	UNK
a quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness 	UNK
benefit 	UNK
the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit 	UNK
just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style 	UNK
unique 	UNK
in the best irish sense 	UNK
amours 	UNK
is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down . 	UNK
it 's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion 's attentions . 	UNK
make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life 	UNK
at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age 	UNK
intense and effective 	UNK
nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion 	UNK
not enough of interest onscreen 	UNK
a weird , arresting little ride 	UNK
dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie 	UNK
ghetto fabulousness 	UNK
be with a large dose of painkillers 	UNK
has a nearly terminal case of the cutes 	UNK
they threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans . 	UNK
christian parents 	UNK
for all its shoot-outs 	UNK
putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love 	UNK
empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun 	UNK
wears its heart 	UNK
strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook . 	UNK
adam sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt 	UNK
it points out how inseparable the two are 	UNK
relying on animation or dumb humor 	UNK
it 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction . 	UNK
being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses 	UNK
the writing is clever and 	UNK
i simply ca n't recommend it enough . 	UNK
edit 	UNK
should be able to find better entertainment 	UNK
the show 's concept 	UNK
on the promise of excitement 	UNK
is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors . 	UNK
resorting to camp or parody 	UNK
an integrity 	UNK
eye-popping 	UNK
in its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as jiri menzel 's closely watched trains and danis tanovic 's no man 's land . 	UNK
in this crass , low-wattage endeavor 	UNK
of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen 	UNK
boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory 	UNK
the very top rank 	UNK
chilly , clinical lab report 	UNK
makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects 	UNK
picture-perfect beach 	UNK
farcically bawdy fantasy 	UNK
with so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine . 	UNK
dramatic interest 	UNK
ballsy and 	UNK
the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was 	UNK
a unique , well-crafted psychological study 	UNK
is fascinating ... 	UNK
spain 's greatest star wattage 	UNK
wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time 	UNK
's surprisingly harmless . 	UNK
scope and 	UNK
morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating 	UNK
this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell . 	UNK
zoom ! 	UNK
it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned 	UNK
whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes 	UNK
compelling mix 	UNK
in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance 	UNK
's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can . 	UNK
it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it . 	UNK
has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded . 	UNK
hong kong master john woo 	UNK
poo 	UNK
rare sequel 	UNK
tepid and 	UNK
well paced and satisfying little drama 	UNK
of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him 	UNK
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material . 	UNK
easy to watch 	UNK
more likely 	UNK
not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- i doubt it would be all that interesting . 	UNK
precise 	UNK
the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside . 	UNK
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks 	UNK
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems 	UNK
thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd 	UNK
, he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift . 	UNK
with flailing bodily movements 	UNK
spontaneous 	UNK
feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story 	UNK
has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler . 	UNK
highlight reel 	UNK
a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature 	UNK
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , 	UNK
brilliant piece 	UNK
the final product is a ghost 	UNK
) comes off like a hallmark commercial 	UNK
devastating testimony 	UNK
plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo . 	UNK
excellent performances 	UNK
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven 	UNK
getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` this is going to be something really good 	UNK
resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within . 	UNK
it is repetitious 	UNK
've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world 	UNK
it 's compelling 	UNK
, heart-felt drama 	UNK
purr 	UNK
at leading lives of sexy intrigue 	UNK
like a film that strays past the two and a half mark 	UNK
'd rather watch them on the animal planet 	UNK
could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ? 	UNK
an epic four-hour indian musical 	UNK
become comparatively sane and healthy 	UNK
, one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable . 	UNK
an overstylized , puréed mélange 	UNK
showtime deserves the hook . 	UNK
of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure 	UNK
barney 's 	UNK
cranked out on an assembly line 	UNK
is funny , 	UNK
is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels 	UNK
crack a smile 	UNK
would seem to be surefire casting . 	UNK
sights 	UNK
there 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long . 	UNK
ignore but a little too smugly superior to like 	UNK
care less 	UNK
perform 	UNK
it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory 	UNK
smart , savvy , compelling 	UNK
hated 	UNK
builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and christian love in the face of political corruption 	UNK
superficiality 	UNK
skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears 	UNK
bad ideas and awkwardness 	UNK
a career-defining revelation 	UNK
an inarticulate screenplay 	UNK
cohesive 	UNK
just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer 	UNK
thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another 	UNK
too clumsy 	UNK
better than inconsequential 	UNK
going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap 	UNK
so mind-numbingly awful that you hope britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned . 	UNK
humbuggery 	UNK
, the stories are quietly moving . 	UNK
a teenybopper ed wood film , 	UNK
sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill 	UNK
are so generic 	UNK
cultural and economic subtext 	UNK
... a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking . 	UNK
pretends to expose the life of male hustlers 	UNK
is strong as always 	UNK
truly larger-than-life character 	UNK
is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was 	UNK
it 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties . 	UNK
dramatize life 's messiness 	UNK
distractions 	UNK
over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage 	UNK
its elegantly colorful look 	UNK
guilty about it 	UNK
'll probably run out screaming . 	UNK
might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned 	UNK
classic movie franchise 	UNK
deepa mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world . 	UNK
is all but useless 	UNK
a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic 	UNK
precarious 	UNK
grey zone 	UNK
which gives you an idea just how bad it was 	UNK
ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 . 	UNK
martin lawrence live ' is so self-pitying 	UNK
if it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for 	UNK
too predictable and far too cliched 	UNK
chelsea hotel 	UNK
is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable 	UNK
, like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with 	UNK
90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed 	UNK
duvall 's throbbing sincerity 	UNK
making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden 	UNK
misguided project 	UNK
a transparently hypocritical work 	UNK
are more compelling than the execution 	UNK
share no chemistry or engaging charisma 	UNK
tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 	UNK
( toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ... 	UNK
well-worn situations 	UNK
begging for attention , 	UNK
goes further 	UNK
to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate 	UNK
works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller 	UNK
, ingenious 	UNK
's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film . 	UNK
believing in something does matter 	UNK
a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency 	UNK
so stunning 	UNK
elaborate and twisted characters 	UNK
by an esteemed writer-actor 	UNK
one of the finest films of the year 	UNK
, difficult and sad 	UNK
the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; 	UNK
like a film so cold and dead 	UNK
von sydow ... 	UNK
artistry 	UNK
earnest and heartfelt 	UNK
howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , 	UNK
inspiring hope 	UNK
bring new energy 	UNK
to liven things up 	UNK
block 	UNK
pairing clayburgh and tambor 	UNK
one of the great submarine stories 	UNK
is delightful in the central role 	UNK
develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide 	UNK
is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 	UNK
by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , 	UNK
all the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale 	UNK
watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination 	UNK
what once was conviction 	UNK
a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way 	UNK
taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight 	UNK
takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point . 	UNK
there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces 	UNK
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that 	UNK
wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , 	UNK
, then they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride . 	UNK
maybe he was reading the minds of the audience . 	UNK
give a spark to `` chasing amy '' and `` changing lanes '' falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer 's new action film 	UNK
their lack 	UNK
contemplative , and sublimely beautiful 	UNK
those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace 	UNK
appreciates 	UNK
a joyous occasion 	UNK
think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet 	UNK
touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , 	UNK
great artistic significance 	UNK
these people mattered 	UNK
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but 	UNK
an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds 	UNK
is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues 	UNK
another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective . 	UNK
it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés . 	UNK
truly edgy -- 	UNK
directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year 	UNK
strip 	UNK
suffered and bled 	UNK
this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , 	UNK
a kind of ghandi gone bad 	UNK
set the cause of woman warriors back decades 	UNK
misguided acts of affection 	UNK
would quickly change the channel 	UNK
how this one escaped the lifetime network i 'll never know . 	UNK
are funny . 	UNK
retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought 	UNK
appropriately cynical social commentary aside 	UNK
's work as well as a remarkably faithful one . 	UNK
most damning censure 	UNK
dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director 	UNK
old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas 	UNK
the journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , 	UNK
heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis 	UNK
reflected in almost every scene 	UNK
jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set . 	UNK
the movie is amateurish 	UNK
fortify this turgid fable 	UNK
, the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own . 	UNK
most hollywood romantic comedies 	UNK
skill and determination 	UNK
the pre-teen crowd 	UNK
humor and poignancy 	UNK
has settled for a lugubrious romance 	UNK
enter the fist is hilarious 	UNK
an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women 	UNK
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue 	UNK
quick-witted than any english lit 	UNK
of those rare pictures 	UNK
redeeming feature 	UNK
-- full of life and small delights -- 	UNK
such a perfect medium for children 	UNK
a treasure chest 	UNK
mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself . 	UNK
's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score 	UNK
are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 	UNK
it 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting . 	UNK
when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers 	UNK
it has fun with the quirks of family life , but 	UNK
very amusing 	UNK
a heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope . 	UNK
him to churn out one mediocre movie after another 	UNK
a life like this can sound so dull 	UNK
as comfort food often can 	UNK
to just die already 	UNK
vibrantly 	UNK
, this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal . 	UNK
it 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing . 	UNK
the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity . 	UNK
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking . 	UNK
often touching 	UNK
too bad maggio could n't come up with a better script . 	UNK
the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen 	UNK
just another voyeuristic spectacle 	UNK
munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters . 	UNK
played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters 	UNK
have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film 	UNK
an awful lot like one of ( spears ' ) music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it . 	UNK
blacked out in the lobby 	UNK
downright movie penance 	UNK
like you were n't invited to the party 	UNK
honesty , insight and humor 	UNK
their computer-animated faces 	UNK
it 's an effort to watch this movie 	UNK
where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval . 	UNK
puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman 	UNK
by extension , accomplishments 	UNK
gender politics 	UNK
gorgeous beaches 	UNK
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights 	UNK
( jeff 's ) gorgeous , fluid compositions 	UNK
makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should 	UNK
comes alive 	UNK
13 conversations about one thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . 	UNK
, paralyzed 	UNK
are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field 	UNK
stands as one of the great films about movie love . 	UNK
deliver a fair bit of vampire fun 	UNK
the actors involved in the enterprise 	UNK
always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions 	UNK
in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction 	UNK
i 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche . 	UNK
a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery 	UNK
delighted 	UNK
predictable and cloying 	UNK
to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it 	UNK
thanks to huston 's revelatory performance 	UNK
is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch 	UNK
my little eye is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years . 	UNK
like one long 	UNK
energy 	UNK
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly . 	UNK
cheated 	UNK
irritating films 	UNK
stopped challenging himself 	UNK
the four feathers is definitely horse feathers , but 	UNK
an unabashedly romantic picture 	UNK
play fine 	UNK
that 's not saying much 	UNK
sleazy 	UNK
a homage 	UNK
the shameless self-caricature of ` analyze this ' ( 1999 ) and ` analyze that , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year 	UNK
i like it . 	UNK
forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies 	UNK
nervy and memorable 	UNK
photographed and beautifully recorded 	UNK
ace 	UNK
tired retread 	UNK
never takes hold . 	UNK
is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood 	UNK
ill-wrought hypothesis 	UNK
ararat far more demanding than it needs to be 	UNK
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year . 	UNK
so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark 	UNK
original talent 	UNK
was beginning to hate it 	UNK
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet . 	UNK
has a handful of smart jokes 	UNK
ca n't get sufficient distance from leroy 's 	UNK
are woven together skilfully 	UNK
barry convinces us he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful . 	UNK
is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , 	UNK
... with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself . 	UNK
your own cleverness 	UNK
disoriented but occasionally 	UNK
voice is rather unexceptional 	UNK
a really cool bit 	UNK
reach satisfying conclusions 	UNK
director marcus adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture 	UNK
a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism 	UNK
refreshingly , 	UNK
nearly every cliché 	UNK
something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance 	UNK
manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy 	UNK
pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish 	UNK
speaks more of the season than the picture 	UNK
the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : 	UNK
cleaner , and deeper 	UNK
a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential . 	UNK
chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists 	UNK
loud , low-budget and tired formula film 	UNK
's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids 	UNK
see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion . 	UNK
is a brilliant movie 	UNK
is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not . 	UNK
of time , money and celluloid 	UNK
because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin 	UNK
be depressing , 	UNK
is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything . 	UNK
into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long 	UNK
with such confidence 	UNK
that , in itself , is extraordinary . 	UNK
starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points 	UNK
the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis 	UNK
coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film 	UNK
some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care 	UNK
uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film . 	UNK
a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults 	UNK
own brightly colored dreams 	UNK
of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure 	UNK
is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw 	UNK
's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look . 	UNK
the downward spiral 	UNK
, they succeed 	UNK
, directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix . 	UNK
... `` bowling for columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ... 	UNK
indispensable 	UNK
invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film . 	UNK
a heavy stench of ` been there , done 	UNK
midlife crisis 	UNK
brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life . 	UNK
from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen 	UNK
` it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . 	UNK
extremely languorous rhythms 	UNK
as it provides a fresh view of an old type 	UNK
as a bitter pill 	UNK
even if you 're an elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this dvd . 	UNK
episode ii -- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight 	UNK
the mediterranean sparkles 	UNK
does a good job 	UNK
seems to take an unseemly pleasure in ( the characters ' ) misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it 	UNK
for lameness 	UNK
have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation 	UNK
... while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere . 	UNK
the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians 	UNK
truly in love with a girl 	UNK
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. 	UNK
comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is 	UNK
the origins 	UNK
something of a stiff -- 	UNK
a disaster of a story 	UNK
disappoint the action 	UNK
wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time . 	UNK
's really wrong with this ricture 	UNK
worthy and devastating 	UNK
the same blueprint 	UNK
never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future . 	UNK
impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an american-russian armageddon 	UNK
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism 	UNK
with unimpeachable clarity 	UNK
too is a bomb . 	UNK
kong action 	UNK
a walk to remember '' 	UNK
superficially written 	UNK
rush to the theater for this one 	UNK
compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people 	UNK
much of a plunge 	UNK
` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' 	UNK
you 've seen it all before 	UNK
seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception 	UNK
the slapstick is labored , 	UNK
frequently misses the mark 	UNK
congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much ! 	UNK
... another example of how sandler is losing his touch . 	UNK
of visual flair 	UNK
superb 	UNK
us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them 	UNK
, to find a place among the studio 's animated classics 	UNK
their lofty perch 	UNK
showdown 	UNK
quirky characters and an engaging story 	UNK
alfred hitchcock 's thrillers , 	UNK
goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability 	UNK
what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script . 	UNK
comic touch 	UNK
has little clue 	UNK
meandering , low on energy , and 	UNK
gives her best 	UNK
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that i have n't encountered since at least pete 's dragon . 	UNK
like being trapped at a bad rock concert 	UNK
forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting 	UNK
enticing prospect 	UNK
swung me around 	UNK
for most of the movie 's success 	UNK
essentially ruined -- 	UNK
treats us 	UNK
remarkable ensemble cast 	UNK
i do n't blame eddie murphy but should n't 	UNK
be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families 	UNK
in the dullest kiddie flicks 	UNK
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , 	UNK
at best , i 'm afraid . 	UNK
's , it 's simply unbearable 	UNK
lucratively 	UNK
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line . 	UNK
are a little too big for her mouth 	UNK
dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot 	UNK
between them , de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season . 	UNK
intended for the home video market 	UNK
'' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases 	UNK
works well enough to make it worth watching 	UNK
it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess . 	UNK
the best , most 	UNK
the self-image of drooling idiots 	UNK
toilet-humor codswallop 	UNK
combined with the misconceived final 5 	UNK
for those who like quirky , slightly strange french films 	UNK
hold dear about cinema 	UNK
while broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system . 	UNK
have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand 	UNK
the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate 	UNK
a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 	UNK
... a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year . 	UNK
a film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure . 	UNK
if you 're burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for . 	UNK
wonderfully loopy 	UNK
loud , ugly , irritating 	UNK
resorting to camp 	UNK
so bland and 	UNK
care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining 	UNK
funny pace 	UNK
, it 's a pale imitation . 	UNK
will most likely doze off during this one . 	UNK
an exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work 	UNK
stop-and-start pacing 	UNK
sucked . 	UNK
logic and misuse 	UNK
you have to check your brain at the door 	UNK
, timeless and universal tale 	UNK
ruined his career 	UNK
the pool drowned me in boredom . 	UNK
it 's what makes their project so interesting 	UNK
good thriller . 	UNK
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , 	UNK
good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography . 	UNK
rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness 	UNK
provocative 	UNK
love , memory , history 	UNK
's thoroughly winning tone 	UNK
as saccharine movies go 	UNK
comforting 	UNK
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was 	UNK
is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force 	UNK
to believe in your dreams 	UNK
he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me 	UNK
only self-aware neurotics engage in 	UNK
contriving 	UNK
for a silly hack-and-slash flick 	UNK
of education 	UNK
provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen 	UNK
it 's still quite worth seeing 	UNK
's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest 	UNK
a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say 	UNK
finds its humor 	UNK
walter hill 's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros. . 	UNK
the perfect star vehicle for grant 	UNK
as telling a country skunk 	UNK
the perfect movie many have made it out to be 	UNK
, sometimes funny 	UNK
contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion . 	UNK
a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding 	UNK
offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment . 	UNK
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy . 	UNK
long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy 	UNK
the story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge . 	UNK
intelligence , wit or innovation 	UNK
though its story is only surface deep 	UNK
exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit 	UNK
burning 	UNK
its clever concept 	UNK
like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening 	UNK
well-mounted history lesson 	UNK
the komediant is a tale worth catching . 	UNK
is what we call the ` wow ' factor . 	UNK
may be based on a true and historically significant story 	UNK
so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through 	UNK
the plot and a powerfully evocative mood 	UNK
the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans 	UNK
to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats 	UNK
is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects . 	UNK
's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth 	UNK
the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking . 	UNK
is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining 	UNK
a very tasteful rock and 	UNK
poor remake 	UNK
brought off with considerable wit 	UNK
its weaknesses 	UNK
stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid . 	UNK
non-stop funny feast 	UNK
with this silly little puddle of a movie 	UNK
's uninteresting . 	UNK
a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop 	UNK
crummy 	UNK
destroy is also a creative urge 	UNK
has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again 	UNK
's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something 	UNK
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , 	UNK
's not too fast and not too slow . 	UNK
lucky break is ( cattaneo ) sophomore slump . 	UNK
pilot episode 	UNK
evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up 	UNK
, eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . 	UNK
the film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but 	UNK
already littered with celluloid garbage 	UNK
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... 	UNK
scrutiny 	UNK
on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing 	UNK
give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed . 	UNK
an imaginatively mixed cast 	UNK
the full ticket price to see `` simone , '' and consider a dvd rental instead 	UNK
to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing 	UNK
did n't smile . 	UNK
satisfy 	UNK
the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid . 	UNK
at a tough-man contest 	UNK
be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely 	UNK
infantile cross-dressing routines 	UNK
plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas . 	UNK
'll only put you to sleep . 	UNK
cold light 	UNK
based on dave barry 's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story . 	UNK
is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film 	UNK
more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation . 	UNK
a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team 	UNK
, the trip there is a great deal of fun . 	UNK
be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing 	UNK
funny situations 	UNK
as those monologues stretch on and on 	UNK
is a career-defining revelation 	UNK
is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities 	UNK
make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment . 	UNK
and sickening product placement 	UNK
of the startling intimacy 	UNK
yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit . 	UNK
a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage 	UNK
enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment . 	UNK
listless and desultory 	UNK
a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor 	UNK
poor casting 	UNK
a tour de force of modern cinema . 	UNK
underrated professionals 	UNK
of elegant wit and artifice 	UNK
's horribly depressing and not very well done . 	UNK
the master of disguise falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on saturday night live . ' 	UNK
farts , urine 	UNK
're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination . 	UNK
while i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one , stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie . 	UNK
left us cold 	UNK
refreshed 	UNK
lifeless execution . 	UNK
evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun 	UNK
an art film 	UNK
echoes 	UNK
including a knockout of a closing line 	UNK
a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man 	UNK
a harrowing account 	UNK
predictably 	UNK
bland , surfacey 	UNK
admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies 	UNK
belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public 	UNK
what 's infuriating about full frontal 	UNK
the buoyant energy level 	UNK
think that 's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline 	UNK
when various characters express their quirky inner selves 	UNK
few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works 	UNK
that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny 	UNK
to cram earplugs 	UNK
, it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season . 	UNK
's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once . 	UNK
you wanting to abandon the theater 	UNK
can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody . 	UNK
as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die 	UNK
blob 	UNK
its awkward structure 	UNK
excuse to eat popcorn 	UNK
the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt 	UNK
over the head with a moral 	UNK
are actually releasing it into theaters 	UNK
castrated 	UNK
are included 	UNK
entering 	UNK
-- you 'll love this movie . 	UNK
it has its faults , but 	UNK
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness 	UNK
quirkily appealing minor movie 	UNK
hitchcock 's 	UNK
media-soaked 	UNK
a hands-off approach 	UNK
its most delightful moments 	UNK
daring and beautifully made . 	UNK
lost on the target audience 	UNK
hopelessly out 	UNK
far from disappointing 	UNK
suck up 	UNK
's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue 	UNK
are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty 	UNK
to seek our tears , our sympathies 	UNK
- hour , dissipated length . 	UNK
photographed and beautifully recorded . 	UNK
be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all 	UNK
of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans 	UNK
falls short 	UNK
collateral damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't . 	UNK
will probably 	UNK
is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still 	UNK
uplifting 	UNK
too placid 	UNK
shows crushingly little curiosity about , 	UNK
if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences 	UNK
in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film . 	UNK
one big blustery movie where nothing really happens . 	UNK
will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach 	UNK
is marvelous 	UNK
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents 	UNK
some of the more overtly silly dialogue 	UNK
the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker . 	UNK
look ahead and resist living in a past 	UNK
the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we westerners have seen before . 	UNK
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit 	UNK
crafted , and well 	UNK
highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making 	UNK
a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made 	UNK
the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors . 	UNK
tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; 	UNK
the perfect cure for insomnia 	UNK
almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time 	UNK
reason to miss interview with the assassin 	UNK
is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale 	UNK
horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth . 	UNK
's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this 	UNK
on a potentially interesting idea 	UNK
runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem . 	UNK
just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie 	UNK
after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers 	UNK
's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels 	UNK
real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams . 	UNK
we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why 	UNK
made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch . 	UNK
feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life 	UNK
its best moments 	UNK
a disappointingly thin slice 	UNK
a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties . 	UNK
is not 	UNK
refreshing 	UNK
go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches . 	UNK
the most disappointing woody allen movie 	UNK
garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` wayne . ' 	UNK
the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea 	UNK
creative action 	UNK
in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works . 	UNK
delivers 	UNK
humor and humanity 	UNK
enthralling drama 	UNK
gorgeous and 	UNK
to trivialize the material 	UNK
resist 	UNK
, the new star wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one . 	UNK
the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of chris fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel . 	UNK
a stately sense 	UNK
that hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances 	UNK
claustrophic , suffocating and chilly 	UNK
warmth to go around , with music and laughter 	UNK
the performances are remarkable . 	UNK
that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama 	UNK
looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting . 	UNK
tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie 	UNK
skeeved 	UNK
one bright shining star 	UNK
is doa . 	UNK
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least . 	UNK
full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow 	UNK
all things insipid 	UNK
compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering 	UNK
heartwarming film 	UNK
iconoclastic uses 	UNK
the novel 	UNK
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is . 	UNK
on an intoxicating show 	UNK
the acting ranges from bad to bodacious 	UNK
grandiloquent 	UNK
one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness 	UNK
powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt 	UNK
with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral . 	UNK
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving . 	UNK
wonderful tale 	UNK
uncompelling the movie 	UNK
an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson 	UNK
near-masterpiece . 	UNK
in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt 	UNK
dismay 	UNK
a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it . 	UNK
, that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ... 	UNK
who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor 	UNK
the book 's irreverent energy 	UNK
a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable . 	UNK
uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt 	UNK
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her 	UNK
( than leon ) 	UNK
provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee 	UNK
its intended audience -- children -- 	UNK
the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it 	UNK
be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play 	UNK
ca n't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album 	UNK
how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were 	UNK
enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor 	UNK
like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer 	UNK
fuzziness 	UNK
plain lurid 	UNK
very believable 	UNK
a sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away . 	UNK
her tragedies 	UNK
waking coma 	UNK
terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences 	UNK
they will have a showdown , but , 	UNK
a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films 	UNK
giving it a strong thumbs up 	UNK
no satisfaction 	UNK
the tear-jerking demands 	UNK
is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves 	UNK
like acid 	UNK
shallow and glib 	UNK
by turns very dark and very funny 	UNK
this movie is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad . 	UNK
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and 	UNK
a different and emotionally reserved type 	UNK
engaging criminal 	UNK
groundbreaking endeavor 	UNK
enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over . 	UNK
is really all about performances 	UNK
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , 	UNK
the baseball-playing monkey 	UNK
as stiff , ponderous and charmless 	UNK
's pretty stupid . 	UNK
of the worst dialogue 	UNK
no amount of imagination , 	UNK
go to the u.n. and ask permission for a preemptive strike 	UNK
its chosen topic 	UNK
vivid imagination 	UNK
one terrific score 	UNK
rah-rah 	UNK
brutally honest 	UNK
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious 	UNK
too few laughs 	UNK
thoughtless , random , superficial humor and 	UNK
oddly whimsical 	UNK
freshman fluke 	UNK
as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy 	UNK
seemingly 	UNK
ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and 	UNK
dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention 	UNK
worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles 	UNK
to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb 	UNK
more repetition than creativity 	UNK
designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense 	UNK
flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set 	UNK
was essentially , 	UNK
anything fresh 	UNK
the film is bright and flashy in all the right ways . 	UNK
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys ' direction is clever and insightful 	UNK
penetrating 	UNK
as intelligent 	UNK
the emotions seem authentic 	UNK
sexy and 	UNK
the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery 	UNK
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags 	UNK
a solid movie 	UNK
the worthy successor 	UNK
captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper . 	UNK
of the best films 	UNK
wit and warmth 	UNK
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue . 	UNK
its low groan-to-guffaw ratio 	UNK
difficult , endless 	UNK
, super troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length . 	UNK
a simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something . 	UNK
at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois 	UNK
does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style -- casting excellent latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue 	UNK
good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat . 	UNK
will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals . 	UNK
a loose , poorly structured film 	UNK
faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` a walk to remember '' succeeds through sincerity . 	UNK
the fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history 	UNK
juicy soap opera 	UNK
a charming but slight comedy . 	UNK
you see it in these harrowing surf shots 	UNK
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts 	UNK
whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black . 	UNK
, however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking . 	UNK
to this film that may not always work 	UNK
a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes 	UNK
admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for vincent 's complaint 	UNK
might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog 	UNK
only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind 	UNK
's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers . 	UNK
rank frustration from those 	UNK
gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill 	UNK
is filled with strange and wonderful creatures . 	UNK
the whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas . 	UNK
failed jokes , twitchy acting 	UNK
this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture . 	UNK
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , 	UNK
one hopes mr. plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter . 	UNK
structured and 	UNK
's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles 	UNK
angel 	UNK
just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market 	UNK
the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile 	UNK
lacks in outright newness 	UNK
interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into . 	UNK
rich detail condensed 	UNK
just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through 	UNK
does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve . 	UNK
janey 	UNK
more tacky and reprehensible 	UNK
a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur 	UNK
the cockettes ) provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . ' 	UNK
as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit 	UNK
enormously good 	UNK
but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time 	UNK
is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters 	UNK
offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor 	UNK
hollywood war-movie stuff 	UNK
, like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit . 	UNK
wafer-thin movie 	UNK
seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum 	UNK
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids 	UNK
that we really have n't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's reign of fire 	UNK
that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel 	UNK
understated performances of ( jack nicholson 's ) career . 	UNK
that i 'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again 	UNK
true to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at . 	UNK
poignant and wryly amusing film 	UNK
the historical , philosophical , and 	UNK
miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life 	UNK
rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics 	UNK
much sucks , but has a funny moment or two . 	UNK
eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons 	UNK
patchy combination of soap opera , 	UNK
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and 	UNK
be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film 	UNK
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes 	UNK
a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception . 	UNK
the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and 	UNK
his surprising discovery 	UNK
children 	UNK
served up with heart and humor 	UNK
bring their characters to life 	UNK
, poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull 	UNK
works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful 	UNK
an awfully good , achingly human picture . 	UNK
take on the upscale lifestyle 	UNK
dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation 	UNK
so insanely stupid , so awful 	UNK
coma 	UNK
guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort 	UNK
is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn 	UNK
takes a hat-in-hand approach 	UNK
always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story 	UNK
i 'm not , and then i realized that i just did n't care 	UNK
captures a life interestingly lived 	UNK
has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out 	UNK
and it is . 	UNK
most uncanny 	UNK
, you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police . 	UNK
emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking 	UNK
tender sermon 	UNK
we had no trouble sitting for blade ii . 	UNK
secondhand , 	UNK
one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable . 	UNK
to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense 	UNK
overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph 	UNK
'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point . 	UNK
have been lost in the translation 	UNK
, dramatized pbs program 	UNK
i know i should n't have laughed , but 	UNK
abject suffering 	UNK
a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop 	UNK
's not that funny -- 	UNK
retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him 	UNK
the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive 	UNK
is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious 	UNK
skip the film and 	UNK
compels 	UNK
rich historical subject 	UNK
put up with 146 minutes of it 	UNK
sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special 	UNK
finds warmth 	UNK
, funny 	UNK
love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots 	UNK
liking showgirls 	UNK
a film , and such a stultifying , 	UNK
bad film 	UNK
under cars 	UNK
susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up 	UNK
the best performance from either in years 	UNK
a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project 	UNK
mushy as peas 	UNK
undercut by the voice of the star of road trip 	UNK
right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together 	UNK
a slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally . 	UNK
fantasies 	UNK
the ranks 	UNK
survive a screening with little harm done 	UNK
may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen 	UNK
, the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion . 	UNK
sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead 	UNK
a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation 	UNK
if they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn . 	UNK
yeah 	UNK
been done before but never so vividly or 	UNK
the bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie . 	UNK
with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope 	UNK
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length . 	UNK
ploddingly sociological commentary 	UNK
is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort 	UNK
just does n't make sense 	UNK
myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign 	UNK
the highest production values you 've ever seen 	UNK
exuberance 	UNK
is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham . 	UNK
naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks 	UNK
will forgive the flaws and love the film . 	UNK
a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish 	UNK
the story relevant in the first place 	UNK
heart or conservative 	UNK
unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness 	UNK
careless 	UNK
nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding 	UNK
paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal 	UNK
obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque . 	UNK
see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings 	UNK
that rohmer still has a sense of his audience 	UNK
lightweight 	UNK
works superbly here 	UNK
period-perfect 	UNK
an uncomfortable movie 	UNK
crimes 	UNK
constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human . 	UNK
it 's more enjoyable than i expected , though , 	UNK
a rock-solid little genre picture 	UNK
an inquisitiveness reminiscent of truffaut 	UNK
deliciously 	UNK
bring off 	UNK
have given it a one-star rating 	UNK
she 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl 	UNK
mr. deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor . 	UNK
... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already . 	UNK
you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort 	UNK
a film so cold and dead 	UNK
its director 's cut glory 	UNK
suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction 	UNK
directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism 	UNK
seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) 	UNK
gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry 	UNK
if it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch . 	UNK
able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history 	UNK
the following things are not at all entertaining 	UNK
to create images you wish you had n't seen 	UNK
excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope . 	UNK
burnt-out 	UNK
with talent 	UNK
rush through 	UNK
it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen 	UNK
recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt 	UNK
keeps you 	UNK
that rare family movie -- 	UNK
have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches 	UNK
rarely have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart . 	UNK
hoary dialogue , 	UNK
oscar-sweeping 	UNK
deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture 	UNK
be disappointed 	UNK
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie 	UNK
every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable 	UNK
deal funnier 	UNK
the first one charming 	UNK
uplifter . 	UNK
so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun 	UNK
did n't know what kind of movie they were making 	UNK
the performances are so overstated 	UNK
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels 	UNK
without ( de niro ) , city by the sea would slip under the waves . 	UNK
can be fertile sources of humor 	UNK
a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny 	UNK
death to smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito 's misanthropic vision . 	UNK
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and 	UNK
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment . 	UNK
that might be best forgotten 	UNK
rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment . 	UNK
leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites . 	UNK
sick and 	UNK
its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure . 	UNK
... an interesting slice of history . 	UNK
is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . 	UNK
( ferrera ) 	UNK
it 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones . 	UNK
unusual power 	UNK
shimmeringly lovely 	UNK
wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams . 	UNK
are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ? 	UNK
wears thin 	UNK
be captivated , 	UNK
in remembrance 	UNK
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating 	UNK
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and 	UNK
so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film 	UNK
better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh 	UNK
keep this fresh 	UNK
reasonably creative eighth-grader 	UNK
the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance 	UNK
it 's an entertaining movie , and 	UNK
, it can seem tiresomely simpleminded . 	UNK
logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd 	UNK
that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title 	UNK
unlikable , uninteresting , 	UNK
the plot is paper-thin 	UNK
creepiness 	UNK
is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness . 	UNK
is just sooooo tired . 	UNK
looks closely , insightfully 	UNK
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma . 	UNK
modestly surprising 	UNK
a lot of flavor and spice 	UNK
`` analyze that '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original . 	UNK
stands out 	UNK
phoned-in business 	UNK
of the funniest motion 	UNK
evolves 	UNK
a work of extraordinary journalism , 	UNK
the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy 	UNK
helped change a nation 	UNK
pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of god in the fifth trek flick . 	UNK
get the same love story and parable 	UNK
exactly how bad 	UNK
in crisis 	UNK
not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see 	UNK
a guilt-free trip 	UNK
like the wanderers and a bronx tale 	UNK
overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama 	UNK
meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen 	UNK
unblinking work 	UNK
her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair 	UNK
( a ) wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting . 	UNK
instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull 	UNK
emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers . 	UNK
part of that delicate canon 	UNK
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , 	UNK
one terrific story 	UNK
the story is predictable 	UNK
more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of run lola run 	UNK
a movie you can trust 	UNK
it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special 	UNK
, besides its terrific performances , is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching . 	UNK
the home alone formula 	UNK
is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings 	UNK
horrid 	UNK
shallow and immature character 	UNK
the best 	UNK
real masterpiece 	UNK
good little movie 	UNK
exceedingly rare 	UNK
comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness . 	UNK
professionals 	UNK
of the best rock 	UNK
, has stopped challenging himself 	UNK
more than a worthwhile effort 	UNK
ms. bullock 's best work 	UNK
's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés 	UNK
abandon 	UNK
is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting 	UNK
to be that rarity among sequels 	UNK
of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun 	UNK
a fresh , entertaining comedy that 	UNK
competent , unpretentious 	UNK
really solid 	UNK
an undeniably moving film to experience , 	UNK
been there done that . 	UNK
designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe 	UNK
a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed . 	UNK
itself , a playful spirit 	UNK
one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt 	UNK
real pleasure in its laid-back way 	UNK
recommend 	UNK
makes two hours feel like four 	UNK
, the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes . 	UNK
takes hold . 	UNK
a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place 	UNK
the acting , for the most part 	UNK
's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness 	UNK
that 's a liability . 	UNK
which is often preachy and poorly acted 	UNK
when your subject is illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ? 	UNK
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , 	UNK
melancholic 	UNK
funny in a sick , twisted sort of way 	UNK
as well its delightful cast 	UNK
is the far superior film 	UNK
modernize it with encomia 	UNK
has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net 	UNK
if you liked the previous movies in the series 	UNK
this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine 	UNK
the saturday morning cartoons 	UNK
flourishes and 	UNK
bounces 	UNK
one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years 	UNK
new york 's finest 	UNK
cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . 	UNK
swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award 	UNK
how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? '' 	UNK
retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision 	UNK
your interest until the end and 	UNK
to the filmmakers , ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit 	UNK
some of the computer animation is handsome , 	UNK
much more watchable 	UNK
stylish but steady , and 	UNK
with tension 	UNK
as sharp as a samurai sword 	UNK
gritty police thriller 	UNK
low-tech magic realism and , at times , 	UNK
most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved 	UNK
counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity 	UNK
is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party . 	UNK
gradually makes us believe she is kahlo 	UNK
a fine , understated piece of filmmaking 	UNK
is still good fun 	UNK
unexpectedly rewarding 	UNK
moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it 	UNK
of emotional blandness 	UNK
the startling intimacy 	UNK
shame on writer/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull . 	UNK
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives 	UNK
so graceless and devoid 	UNK
do n't bother 	UNK
liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed 	UNK
plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as nicholas ' wounded and wounding uncle ralph . 	UNK
it seems most likely that broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer 	UNK
promising premise 	UNK
bad premise 	UNK
is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie 	UNK
dehumanizing and 	UNK
strongest and 	UNK
equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 . 	UNK
a delightful entree in the tradition 	UNK
it 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull . 	UNK
uses the last act to reel in the audience 	UNK
several survivors , 	UNK
a fall 	UNK
tired of going where no man has gone before 	UNK
's endgame 	UNK
strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin 	UNK
is well established 	UNK
smirk 	UNK
the biggest problem with roger avary 's uproar against the mpaa 	UNK
of mediocre acting 	UNK
leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects 	UNK
is serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context 	UNK
with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many 	UNK
somewhat touched 	UNK
once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny . 	UNK
amoral assassin 	UNK
most aggressive and most sincere attempt 	UNK
hot topics 	UNK
... despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . ' 	UNK
a high-end john hughes comedy , 	UNK
is rote spookiness 	UNK
the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance 	UNK
occasional smiles 	UNK
have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept 	UNK
that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated 	UNK
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich . 	UNK
averting an american-russian armageddon 	UNK
becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair 	UNK
to be as heartily sick of mayhem as cage 's war-weary marine 	UNK
suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits . 	UNK
now as a former gong show addict 	UNK
the potential success 	UNK
did we really need a remake of `` charade 	UNK
unassuming 	UNK
having two guys yelling in your face for two hours 	UNK
soft-porn 	UNK
stuck in heaven because he 's afraid of his best-known creation ? 	UNK
becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 	UNK
to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it . 	UNK
has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	UNK
funniest and most likeable 	UNK
can render it anything but laughable 	UNK
barely shocking , barely interesting 	UNK
solid , satisfying 	UNK
one well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing . 	UNK
enigma is well-made , 	UNK
keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera 	UNK
fully formed and remarkably assured 	UNK
it turns out to be affected and boring 	UNK
ayurveda does the field no favors 	UNK
reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls 	UNK
will want to see over and over again . 	UNK
had their hearts in the right place 	UNK
painfully awful 	UNK
classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains 	UNK
provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending 	UNK
skin of man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults . 	UNK
of deep feeling 	UNK
less than 	UNK
a treat -- 	UNK
a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical 	UNK
con 	UNK
a faster paced family flick . 	UNK
is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds 	UNK
's not funny 	UNK
award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens 	UNK
rocky and 	UNK
under the weight of too many story lines 	UNK
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety 	UNK
considerably less ambitious 	UNK
clunky 	UNK
much dramatic impact 	UNK
made no such thing 	UNK
against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family 	UNK
thanks to an astonishingly witless script 	UNK
the direction , by george hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism . 	UNK
most moronic screenplays 	UNK
's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough . 	UNK
it 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . 	UNK
so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type 	UNK
crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half . 	UNK
loses all bite on the big screen 	UNK
exceptionally charming 	UNK
highly uneven and inconsistent ... margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within . 	UNK
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , 	UNK
although commentary on nachtwey is provided ... it 's the image that really tells the tale . 	UNK
enticing and often 	UNK
joyous documentary 	UNK
' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear . 	UNK
melodrama and 	UNK
) homage 	UNK
north or south vietnamese 	UNK
questions cinema 's capability for recording truth . 	UNK
no real point 	UNK
lavish formalism 	UNK
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed . 	UNK
most watchable 	UNK
then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound 	UNK
by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick 	UNK
exploit the familiar 	UNK
, it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh . 	UNK
a fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys . 	UNK
are having so much fun 	UNK
a matinee price 	UNK
paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 . 	UNK
the movie 's seams may show 	UNK
who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream 	UNK
revel in its splendor 	UNK
everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david 's point of view . 	UNK
i 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring . 	UNK
's a masterpiece . 	UNK
an ambitious film 	UNK
with a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard . 	UNK
cherry orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . ' 	UNK
, around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance . 	UNK
an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 	UNK
there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and 	UNK
epiphany 	UNK
entirely charming 	UNK
brightly 	UNK
is equally hackneyed 	UNK
featuring reams of flatly 	UNK
the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito 's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless . 	UNK
makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing 	UNK
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- 	UNK
live happily ever after 	UNK
misogyny and unprovoked violence 	UNK
you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster 	UNK
wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening 	UNK
the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work 	UNK
talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires 	UNK
flawed and brilliant 	UNK
to the serbs themselves 	UNK
tender movements 	UNK
feels cheated 	UNK
, wistful new film 	UNK
both exuberantly romantic and serenely 	UNK
continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio 	UNK
schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins 	UNK
old world war 	UNK
court maneuvers 	UNK
off the element of surprise 	UNK
follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling 	UNK
road to perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing . 	UNK
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely 	UNK
it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 	UNK
is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue . 	UNK
spotty script 	UNK
there are great rewards here . 	UNK
looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining 	UNK
the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made 	UNK
a stately sense of composition 	UNK
one of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends . 	UNK
actually clicks . 	UNK
it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm 	UNK
dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement 	UNK
scripted 	UNK
most devastating flaw 	UNK
drop 	UNK
feeling to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun . 	UNK
mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . 	UNK
more interesting 	UNK
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier 's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( `` laissez-passer '' ) wears its heart on its sleeve 	UNK
comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow 	UNK
translation : ` we do n't need to try very hard . ' 	UNK
is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes . 	UNK
intellect and 	UNK
its worst 	UNK
blithe exchanges 	UNK
, brisk delight 	UNK
intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being . 	UNK
easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year . 	UNK
` direct-to-video ' release 	UNK
if it were n't silly 	UNK
woe 	UNK
a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor 	UNK
is n't that much different from many a hollywood romance 	UNK
provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect 	UNK
transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair 	UNK
more depressing than entertaining 	UNK
takes hold and grips hard . 	UNK
it slow , predictable and not very amusing 	UNK
it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés 	UNK
magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults 	UNK
were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one 	UNK
see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion . 	UNK
misses its emotions 	UNK
at meaningful cinema 	UNK
about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images 	UNK
succeeds primarily 	UNK
too simple 	UNK
for instance , good things happen to bad people 	UNK
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise . 	UNK
be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms ' anti- castro 	UNK
of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists 	UNK
is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , 	UNK
consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny 	UNK
quirky , slightly strange french films 	UNK
funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work 	UNK
undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos . 	UNK
offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . 	UNK
though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb . 	UNK
please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject 	UNK
this is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable . 	UNK
arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love 	UNK
below is well below expectations . 	UNK
a good noir 	UNK
familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc . 	UNK
disjointed 	UNK
may have to keep on looking . 	UNK
enough energy and excitement 	UNK
's the russian word for wow !? ' 	UNK
positively dreadful 	UNK
of clichés , depression and bad alternative music 	UNK
of minor shortcomings 	UNK
tumbleweeds 	UNK
complete wash 	UNK
that 's neither completely enlightening , 	UNK
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome . 	UNK
spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy . 	UNK
emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary 	UNK
value cash above credibility . 	UNK
extravagant 	UNK
a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time 	UNK
all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon . 	UNK
is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation . 	UNK
puzzling 	UNK
can out-bad-act the other 	UNK
has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested . 	UNK
sour little movie 	UNK
the four feathers comes up short 	UNK
a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch 	UNK
directorial tour de force 	UNK
with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise 	UNK
nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure . 	UNK
hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction 	UNK
understatement 	UNK
is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material . 	UNK
revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling 	UNK
a timid , soggy near miss 	UNK
and funky look 	UNK
it look like a masterpiece 	UNK
... post-september 11 , `` the sum of all fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves . 	UNK
where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream 	UNK
an ) 	UNK
it 's funny . 	UNK
well acted by the four primary actors 	UNK
like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs . 	UNK
must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face . 	UNK
offers winning performances and some effecting moments 	UNK
what begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes . 	UNK
this animated adventure 	UNK
as a pale successor 	UNK
desperate miscalculation 	UNK
of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree 	UNK
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack . 	UNK
a fantastic dual performance from ian holm 	UNK
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait 	UNK
has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more 	UNK
makes it worth checking out at theaters 	UNK
the best of the pierce brosnan james bond 	UNK
the abyss 	UNK
a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s . 	UNK
an interesting story 	UNK
two hours feel like four 	UNK
call it magic realism or surrealism , but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity . 	UNK
survive a screening with little harm done , 	UNK
it 's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i 'd say the film works . 	UNK
is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough 	UNK
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright 	UNK
relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view . 	UNK
seems contrived and secondhand 	UNK
could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was 	UNK
seriously intended 	UNK
builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with 	UNK
's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars 	UNK
proficient , dull 	UNK
it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression 	UNK
there 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; 	UNK
absolute delight 	UNK
from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor 	UNK
wondrously creative 	UNK
serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable 	UNK
picture that illustrates an american tragedy 	UNK
is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album 	UNK
the complex , politically charged tapestry 	UNK
richly 	UNK
majestic 	UNK
its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters 	UNK
if religious films are n't your bailiwick , stay away . 	UNK
's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	UNK
's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex 	UNK
of its provocative conclusion 	UNK
gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day . 	UNK
an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties 	UNK
has at least one more story to tell : his own 	UNK
although frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work . 	UNK
's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be . 	UNK
by the sketchiest of captions 	UNK
its classical music 	UNK
be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike 	UNK
a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds 	UNK
change a nation 	UNK
, flashy , overlong soap opera . 	UNK
to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy 	UNK
' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it . 	UNK
almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun 	UNK
who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot 	UNK
that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to 	UNK
several cliched movie structures 	UNK
where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug 	UNK
makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy 	UNK
frustrating patchwork 	UNK
's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart . 	UNK
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ? 	UNK
a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and 	UNK
sensational 	UNK
don 	UNK
were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is 	UNK
made it dull , lifeless , and irritating 	UNK
this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight . 	UNK
picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film . 	UNK
that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) 	UNK
directed without the expected flair or imagination 	UNK
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances 	UNK
cuba gooding jr. valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy . 	UNK
draws you in 	UNK
fatal script error 	UNK
is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema 	UNK
a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head 	UNK
scummy ripoff 	UNK
worth 	UNK
bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie . 	UNK
comes off as a touching , transcendent love story 	UNK
`` snl '' has-been 	UNK
spiked by jolts of pop music 	UNK
much baked cardboard 	UNK
transcendence 	UNK
which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable 	UNK
successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie . 	UNK
heartfelt and 	UNK
perfect for a ballplayer 	UNK
consistently sensitive and 	UNK
grace that still leaves shockwaves 	UNK
it 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking 	UNK
in treading the line between sappy and sanguine 	UNK
hollywood road 	UNK
a spirit 	UNK
a bright future 	UNK
gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing 	UNK
it is spooky and subtly in love with myth 	UNK
beautiful to watch 	UNK
maelstrom is strange and compelling , 	UNK
for a thirteen-year-old 's book report 	UNK
beijing 	UNK
admittedly manipulative 	UNK
one hollywood cliche 	UNK
, rain is the far superior film . 	UNK
be punishable by chainsaw 	UNK
the film with a creepy and dead-on performance 	UNK
sometimes inexpressive 	UNK
the cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting mick jagger as director of the escort service was inspired . 	UNK
a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows 	UNK
we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , 	UNK
ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot 	UNK
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something 	UNK
feel like running out screaming 	UNK
will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience 	UNK
feel the love 	UNK
because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience 	UNK
is as generic as its title . 	UNK
freewheeling trash-cinema roots 	UNK
subtle and richly internalized performance 	UNK
it has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at . 	UNK
is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers . 	UNK
is so bleak 	UNK
it 's a compelling and horrifying story 	UNK
exploit his anger 	UNK
subconscious 	UNK
goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes 	UNK
terrific special effects and funnier gags 	UNK
vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw 	UNK
deuces wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence . 	UNK
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives 	UNK
outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today 	UNK
hard to resist his enthusiasm 	UNK
pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics 	UNK
upsetting and thought-provoking 	UNK
this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men 	UNK
a bad , bad , bad movie 	UNK
the messiness 	UNK
sparkles 	UNK
anguish 	UNK
star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film 	UNK
to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia 	UNK
the film did n't convince me that calvin jr. 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago 's south side . 	UNK
the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos 	UNK
charming in comedies like american pie 	UNK
as naturally 	UNK
nostalgic 	UNK
its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 	UNK
took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long 	UNK
a struggling nobody 	UNK
audacious-impossible yet compelling ... 	UNK
like mike is n't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net 	UNK
a miraculous movie , i 'm going home is so slight , 	UNK
not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired 	UNK
dialogue and murky cinematography 	UNK
so meditative and lyrical 	UNK
merely pretentious 	UNK
soulful , 	UNK
's at once laughable and compulsively watchable 	UNK
nails sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness . 	UNK
a good film 	UNK
novel charm 	UNK
the bad sound 	UNK
perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die 	UNK
does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating . 	UNK
complete 	UNK
liked this film a lot ... 	UNK
like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : 	UNK
last year 's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise 	UNK
wickedly funny and 	UNK
helps create a complex , unpredictable character . 	UNK
keep parents away 	UNK
peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . 	UNK
lift the spirits of the whole family 	UNK
nonstop hoot 	UNK
a detailed personal portrait 	UNK
better person 	UNK
of its characters , its protagonist , or of us 	UNK
an engrossing story 	UNK
for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh 	UNK
the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ( though no less horrifying for it ) . 	UNK
a cute alien creature 	UNK
may not be particularly innovative 	UNK
never comes close to being either funny or scary 	UNK
the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time 	UNK
of a beautifully sung holiday carol 	UNK
without sacrificing the integrity of the opera 	UNK
a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships 	UNK
, melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears 	UNK
a good time for both children and parents 	UNK
make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman 	UNK
dumbness 	UNK
heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear 	UNK
check 	UNK
poignant japanese epic 	UNK
jarring , new-agey tone 	UNK
kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope . 	UNK
the peculiar american style of justice 	UNK
cool , composed delivery 	UNK
a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer . 	UNK
stands out from the pack 	UNK
the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point 	UNK
a conventional , but well-crafted film 	UNK
told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing 	UNK
few points 	UNK
cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything . 	UNK
avoids the obvious 	UNK
classic cinema 	UNK
a sweet treasure and something well worth 	UNK
admirers 	UNK
losers 	UNK
is in trouble 	UNK
higher 	UNK
a real filmmaker 	UNK
is no denying the power of polanski 's film ... 	UNK
own most damning censure 	UNK
discursive 	UNK
that never really busts out of its comfy little cell 	UNK
little attempt 	UNK
a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the 	UNK
very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes 	UNK
constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , 	UNK
you do n't try to look too deep into the story 	UNK
just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole 	UNK
most important and exhilarating 	UNK
creepy-scary 	UNK
a reasonably good time 	UNK
the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee 	UNK
for violence 	UNK
whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation 	UNK
realized through clever makeup design 	UNK
your seat , tense with suspense 	UNK
( lin chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters . 	UNK
to tear your eyes away from the images 	UNK
if you only had a week to live 	UNK
sets this romantic comedy apart 	UNK
smart , compelling drama 	UNK
some success with documentaries 	UNK
is gorgeously 	UNK
instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ? 	UNK
is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition . 	UNK
watchable up until the point 	UNK
neither dramatic nor comic 	UNK
two signs that m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs 	UNK
playful spark 	UNK
anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone 	UNK
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved 	UNK
, like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough 	UNK
make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey . 	UNK
the very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . '' 	UNK
monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids 	UNK
is ingenious fun . 	UNK
goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl 	UNK
is n't as easy to come by as it used to be 	UNK
, film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation . 	UNK
must be a serious contender for the title . 	UNK
a straight-shooting family film 	UNK
painted on their largest-ever historical canvas 	UNK
that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments 	UNK
a vision 	UNK
this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare . 	UNK
no cute factor here ... not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 	UNK
might i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener 	UNK
come up with a better script 	UNK
tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art 	UNK
, ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance . 	UNK
involving aragorn 's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . 	UNK
is derivative 	UNK
-- more accurately , it 's moving 	UNK
off witty and sophisticated 	UNK
asks the right questions 	UNK
succeeded beyond all expectation 	UNK
of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies 	UNK
it 's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety . 	UNK
immense 	UNK
impressive results 	UNK
looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments 	UNK
of the finest kind 	UNK
is also as unoriginal 	UNK
a two star script 	UNK
its grand locations 	UNK
miss it altogether 	UNK
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , 	UNK
's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community . 	UNK
a compelling yarn 	UNK
its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois 	UNK
the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating . 	UNK
( an ) absorbing documentary 	UNK
is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and 	UNK
ultimately takes hold and grips hard . 	UNK
you 've a taste for the quirky 	UNK
the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids 	UNK
it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america . 	UNK
is top shelf 	UNK
's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it 	UNK
the highly predictable narrative 	UNK
been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera 	UNK
so likable 	UNK
generational signpost 	UNK
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience 	UNK
unaffected style 	UNK
filled with love for the movies of the 1960s 	UNK
bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness 	UNK
find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness . 	UNK
fit the incredible storyline 	UNK
pure entertainment 	UNK
the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation 	UNK
these three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people . 	UNK
a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining 	UNK
is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place 	UNK
dwells 	UNK
'' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story . 	UNK
feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful 	UNK
nicole holofcener 's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style . 	UNK
might have fun in this cinematic sandbox 	UNK
obscure the message 	UNK
charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past love story derisions . 	UNK
discloses almost nothing . 	UNK
by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss 	UNK
feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake . 	UNK
has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements 	UNK
a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery 	UNK
shrewd , powerful act 	UNK
what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful 	UNK
is , by itself , deserving of discussion . 	UNK
first scene 	UNK
one-dimensional characters 	UNK
mostly due to its superior cast 	UNK
of the finest 	UNK
often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration 	UNK
drama , 	UNK
the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses . 	UNK
these brats will ever be anything more than losers 	UNK
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is . 	UNK
's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon . 	UNK
above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters 	UNK
to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth 	UNK
this is the opposite of a truly magical movie . 	UNK
ca n't be dismissed as mindless 	UNK
to pack raw dough in my ears 	UNK
really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' 	UNK
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects 	UNK
novels to the big screen 	UNK
a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap 	UNK
, action-packed chiller 	UNK
all the enjoyable randomness 	UNK
flashy , overlong soap opera . 	UNK
offers chills much like those 	UNK
the history is fascinating ; 	UNK
as his outstanding performance as bond in die 	UNK
's updating works surprisingly well . 	UNK
does n't manage to hit all of its marks 	UNK
two whole hours 	UNK
the most wondrous love story in years 	UNK
like a cold old man going through the motions 	UNK
complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop 	UNK
drown a viewer in boredom 	UNK
a satisfying kids flck 	UNK
for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions 	UNK
try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about 	UNK
positives 	UNK
an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , 	UNK
the plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling 	UNK
, almost mystical work 	UNK
loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money . 	UNK
complex portrait of a modern israel 	UNK
riveted to our seats . 	UNK
is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk . 	UNK
creepy 	UNK
nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema 	UNK
engage an audience 	UNK
adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed 	UNK
serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 	UNK
are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze . 	UNK
its own pretentious self-examination 	UNK
no new insight 	UNK
suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme . 	UNK
be based on a true and historically significant story 	UNK
`` the adventures of pluto nash '' is a big time stinker . 	UNK
to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer 	UNK
( toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material . 	UNK
's the perfect star vehicle for grant , 	UNK
whether compromise is the death of self ... this orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people 	UNK
propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world 	UNK
's a terrible movie in every regard , and 	UNK
has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s . 	UNK
little vidgame pit 	UNK
largely unfunny 	UNK
is unashamedly pro-serbian 	UNK
3-d 	UNK
of the band 	UNK
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , 	UNK
complex than its sunny disposition 	UNK
some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies 	UNK
spirit is a visual treat , 	UNK
by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery 	UNK
soulless hunk 	UNK
it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate . 	UNK
can only provide it with so much leniency . 	UNK
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other 	UNK
most unpleasant 	UNK
a staggeringly compelling character , 	UNK
a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy . 	UNK
terrible adaptation 	UNK
a sentimental mess that never rings true . 	UNK
the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal . 	UNK
, you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards . 	UNK
a markedly inactive film , 	UNK
, interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity . 	UNK
while the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary . 	UNK
's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson 's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue . 	UNK
charming and 	UNK
the biggest problem i have ( other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing . 	UNK
singing and finger 	UNK
instead go rent `` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance 	UNK
still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema 	UNK
the absurdity 	UNK
energizing 	UNK
( dong ) makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up 	UNK
essentially ruined -- or 	UNK
that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire 	UNK
good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort 	UNK
just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over . 	UNK
contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom . 	UNK
a modestly made but 	UNK
just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation . 	UNK
the asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family . 	UNK
while the movie is slightly less successful than the first 	UNK
with unexpected comedy 	UNK
achingly enthralling premise 	UNK
is so insanely dysfunctional 	UNK
's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull . 	UNK
the picture itself is somewhat problematic 	UNK
killed my father 	UNK
jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness . 	UNK
sweetness 	UNK
playful iranian parable 	UNK
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , 	UNK
is in need of a scented bath . 	UNK
thoroughly awful 	UNK
a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin 	UNK
the costuming of the stars 	UNK
sitcom material 	UNK
relatively dry material 	UNK
the lively appeal 	UNK
in action 	UNK
try hard 	UNK
is the best he 's been in years 	UNK
green ruins every single scene he 's in , and 	UNK
presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet 	UNK
authentic account of a historical event 	UNK
is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . 	UNK
form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change 	UNK
too simple and 	UNK
as the old saying goes , because it 's true 	UNK
madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose . 	UNK
loses sight of its own story 	UNK
the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries 	UNK
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , 	UNK
gets added disdain for the fact 	UNK
like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead 	UNK
treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects . 	UNK
funny bones tickled 	UNK
less ambitious 	UNK
a voice for a pop-cyber culture 	UNK
messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments 	UNK
literate 	UNK
, nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth . 	UNK
whose sharp 	UNK
written so well 	UNK
strangling the life out 	UNK
as the movie traces mr. brown 's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times . 	UNK
watered down the version of the one before 	UNK
have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround frankie . 	UNK
intellect 	UNK
on audience patience 	UNK
it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness 	UNK
a feel-good movie 	UNK
charms 	UNK
is n't very interesting 	UNK
greatest triumph 	UNK
most magical 	UNK
be as lonely and needy 	UNK
so poorly 	UNK
refined piece 	UNK
entirely witless and inane , 	UNK
that the material is so second-rate . 	UNK
family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance . 	UNK
why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ? 	UNK
the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 	UNK
it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies 	UNK
a straight-ahead thriller 	UNK
a likable story , 	UNK
dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious 	UNK
in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin 	UNK
uncertain 	UNK
, it really won my heart 	UNK
ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway 	UNK
bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting love hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline 	UNK
the performances are amiable and committed 	UNK
describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history 	UNK
rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop 	UNK
death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke . 	UNK
some sort of beacon of hope 	UNK
the film 's considerable charm 	UNK
fussing over 	UNK
could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker 	UNK
saving grace 	UNK
since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie 	UNK
anything special , save for a few comic turns , 	UNK
sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story . 	UNK
any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media 	UNK
makes it worth watching 	UNK
to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation 	UNK
its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case 	UNK
the history is fascinating 	UNK
last 15 minutes 	UNK
put so much time and energy into this turkey 	UNK
as a vehicle to savor binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile . 	UNK
in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand . 	UNK
gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing . 	UNK
fiascos 	UNK
the filmmakers ' eye for detail 	UNK
sparse 	UNK
small ... 	UNK
has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players 	UNK
reality shows for god 's sake 	UNK
slapdash disaster . 	UNK
sorry use of aaliyah in her one and 	UNK
old college try 	UNK
a bad movie 	UNK
propaganda film 	UNK
distressingly rote 	UNK
a timeless and unique perspective 	UNK
a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really is n't . 	UNK
formulaic , 	UNK
the skills of a calculus major at m.i.t. 	UNK
despite the surface attractions -- conrad l. hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything . 	UNK
i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered 	UNK
have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling 	UNK
its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda . 	UNK
murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling . 	UNK
it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense . 	UNK
about which you can actually feel good 	UNK
a wildly entertaining scan of evans ' career . 	UNK
turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning . 	UNK
is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve . 	UNK
ache by the end of kung pow 	UNK
a welcome improvement 	UNK
narcissism 	UNK
none of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny . 	UNK
its unsettling prognosis 	UNK
is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand 	UNK
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul 	UNK
it has its faults , 	UNK
where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad 	UNK
an engaging mystery 	UNK
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics 	UNK
they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count 	UNK
handsome widescreen photography 	UNK
is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later . 	UNK
visual charm or texture 	UNK
more of a creaky `` pretty woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought 	UNK
a culture-clash comedy 	UNK
leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken 	UNK
relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty 	UNK
's defiantly and delightfully against the grain 	UNK
the trappings of i spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun . 	UNK
where story is almost an afterthought 	UNK
a conventional but heartwarming tale . 	UNK
formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe 	UNK
communicates something 	UNK
the code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute . 	UNK
the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility 	UNK
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere . 	UNK
more of an ordeal than an amusement 	UNK
delivers what it promises : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans . 	UNK
foul up shum 's good intentions 	UNK
bombs 	UNK
dramatic comedy 	UNK
... what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be 	UNK
it is a great film . 	UNK
from terry gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through kafka 's meat grinder and into buñuel 's casings 	UNK
is not worth 	UNK
sincere , and just 	UNK
diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance 	UNK
if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : 	UNK
right at home 	UNK
tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end 	UNK
the demented mind 	UNK
sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that 	UNK
plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties 	UNK
flavorful performances 	UNK
a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , 	UNK
to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams 	UNK
an entertainment 	UNK
wickedly funny , 	UNK
has many of the things that made the first one charming . 	UNK
a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe 	UNK
smashing success 	UNK
go anywhere new , 	UNK
adventure 	UNK
most opaque , 	UNK
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right 	UNK
the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks 	UNK
sugar '' admirably 	UNK
notice the flaws 	UNK
bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction 	UNK
is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders 	UNK
might not have gotten him into film school in the first place 	UNK
that should please history fans 	UNK
for what we can get on television for free 	UNK
strange it is , but delightfully so 	UNK
a great monster movie 	UNK
a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost . 	UNK
's probably not accurate to call it a movie 	UNK
great sympathy and intelligence 	UNK
its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- 	UNK
ingratiating 	UNK
in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light 	UNK
's a lot of tooth in roger dodger 	UNK
is shallow , offensive and redundant , 	UNK
it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started . 	UNK
family fundamentals gets you riled up 	UNK
and sometimes dry 	UNK
though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works , invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film . 	UNK
gap 	UNK
deserving of discussion 	UNK
no character , 	UNK
the worst kind of mythologizing , 	UNK
as it stands , crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction . 	UNK
the worst of the entire franchise 	UNK
an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar . 	UNK
the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gator-bashing are consistently delightful . 	UNK
see some interesting storytelling devices 	UNK
although i did n't hate this one 	UNK
there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages . 	UNK
a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout 	UNK
need of some trims 	UNK
self-consciously 	UNK
any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve 	UNK
an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more 	UNK
manages to accomplish what few sequels can 	UNK
most touching movie of recent years 	UNK
that stretches the running time about 10 minutes 	UNK
such a good job 	UNK
do n't think so 	UNK
results is the best performance from either in years 	UNK
its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable . 	UNK
a seriously intended movie 	UNK
wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films 	UNK
a bright , inventive 	UNK
hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie 	UNK
makes it all the more compelling 	UNK
blues 	UNK
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - 	UNK
its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact 	UNK
its seriousness and quality 	UNK
is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes 	UNK
robinson 's web of suspense 	UNK
the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter . 	UNK
may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes 	UNK
's strongest and most touching movie of recent years 	UNK
equally impressive degree 	UNK
the minds and hearts 	UNK
has a lot of charm 	UNK
sidesplitting 	UNK
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , 	UNK
so crisp and economical in one false move 	UNK
into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller 	UNK
aging , suffering and the prospect of death 	UNK
in between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do . ' 	UNK
paint-by-numbers 	UNK
acted ... but 	UNK
be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it 	UNK
out of character and logically 	UNK
long 	UNK
the crisp clarity 	UNK
aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once . 	UNK
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film 	UNK
palpable 	UNK
reunion 	UNK
the cold 	UNK
anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all 	UNK
intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity 	UNK
directionless 	UNK
holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks . 	UNK
more interesting -- and 	UNK
intricately 	UNK
of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in 	UNK
( sports ) admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency 	UNK
walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions -- 	UNK
that makes you feel genuinely good 	UNK
too erotic nor very thrilling 	UNK
that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd 	UNK
trimmed dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness 	UNK
actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese 	UNK
annoying , heavy-handed 	UNK
bring 	UNK
's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year 	UNK
's even more remarkable 	UNK
the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing . 	UNK
proficient , dull sorvino 	UNK
consistent 	UNK
staring at a blank screen 	UNK
it 's undone by a sloppy script 	UNK
no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone 	UNK
no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery 	UNK
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth 	UNK
ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . ' 	UNK
, confused , and totally disorientated 	UNK
is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale . 	UNK
had all its vital essence scooped 	UNK
idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and 	UNK
humdrum 	UNK
the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , 	UNK
presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing 	UNK
described as a ghost story gone badly awry . 	UNK
does the field no favors 	UNK
spirit , perception , conviction 	UNK
no , i love it ... hell , i dunno . 	UNK
's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue 	UNK
make a great team 	UNK
ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints . 	UNK
knows how to make our imagination 	UNK
more confused , less interesting 	UNK
excitement in manufactured high drama 	UNK
he 's done 	UNK
slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up . 	UNK
in form 	UNK
shame americans , 	UNK
in its own way 	UNK
, auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ... 	UNK
the formula fresh again 	UNK
while the story goes nowhere 	UNK
it 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary . 	UNK
apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device 	UNK
of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own 	UNK
will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay 	UNK
visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction . 	UNK
doing battle 	UNK
's just that it 's so not-at-all-good . 	UNK
is a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen 	UNK
been much better 	UNK
inspired humor 	UNK
' and ` realistic ' 	UNK
solid acting 	UNK
that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right 	UNK
lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships 	UNK
... that the material is so second-rate . 	UNK
the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is 	UNK
cheat 	UNK
a frightening and compelling ` 	UNK
of characters in this picture 	UNK
's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination 	UNK
latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling 	UNK
betrayal , forgiveness and murder 	UNK
of the greatest films 	UNK
to the familiar topic of office politics 	UNK
of how sandler is losing his touch 	UNK
lukewarm and quick to pass 	UNK
a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people 	UNK
would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire 	UNK
realize , much to our dismay 	UNK
crushing disappointment 	UNK
some very good comedic songs , strong finish 	UNK
i have n't laughed that hard in years ! 	UNK
full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . 	UNK
should have been the ultimate imax trip 	UNK
nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness 	UNK
, like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud 	UNK
a saga of the ups and downs of friendships 	UNK
extra points 	UNK
be a bit repetitive 	UNK
masterfully 	UNK
depressing , 	UNK
will find things to like 	UNK
for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough . 	UNK
no other purpose 	UNK
that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing 	UNK
affects of cultural and geographical displacement . 	UNK
, humorless and under-inspired 	UNK
for a summer of good stuff 	UNK
dullest science fiction 	UNK
a rumor of angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness . 	UNK
sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point 	UNK
hilarious ) 	UNK
make us share their enthusiasm 	UNK
but it 's great cinematic polemic 	UNK
phenomenal band 	UNK
satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation . 	UNK
allusions 	UNK
well-made and satisfying 	UNK
radiant character portrait 	UNK
see a better thriller this year 	UNK
the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair . 	UNK
as roman coppola 's brief pretentious period 	UNK
fitting 	UNK
pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 	UNK
never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 	UNK
a juicy soap opera 	UNK
a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) 	UNK
is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it 	UNK
a wishy-washy melodramatic movie 	UNK
sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts . 	UNK
smack of a film school undergrad 	UNK
if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and cliché . 	UNK
better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh 	UNK
unsubtle and 	UNK
obnoxious adults 	UNK
that seems tailor 	UNK
agreeably startling 	UNK
be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds 	UNK
with two fine , nuanced lead performances 	UNK
require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture 	UNK
goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks 	UNK
a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff 	UNK
's apparently just what ( aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career 	UNK
an exquisite motion picture 	UNK
every scrap is of the darkest variety 	UNK
unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making . 	UNK
it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian 	UNK
feel anything much while watching this movie , 	UNK
that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 	UNK
quirky characters , odd situations , and 	UNK
cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack 	UNK
a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- 	UNK
a cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty 	UNK
trust laughs 	UNK
the avant-garde fused with their humor 	UNK
broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity 	UNK
conventional , but well-crafted film 	UNK
cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone . 	UNK
, carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . 	UNK
cinematic fluidity and sense 	UNK
is insightful about kissinger 's background and history . 	UNK
want to see it twice 	UNK
manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in 	UNK
a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be . 	UNK
a gentle and engrossing character 	UNK
until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes 	UNK
's a frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be . 	UNK
begins on a high note 	UNK
straight-shooting family film 	UNK
rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters 	UNK
fast-moving and 	UNK
'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy . 	UNK
even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates 	UNK
desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks 	UNK
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending . 	UNK
kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 	UNK
hitchcockian 	UNK
two best films 	UNK
of justice 	UNK
clinch him this year 's razzie 	UNK
feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake 	UNK
a marvel of production design 	UNK
when it 's this rich and luscious , who cares ? 	UNK
is in a class by itself 	UNK
that acting transfigures esther 	UNK
as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	UNK
standoffish to everyone else 	UNK
( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) 	UNK
is virtually unwatchable 	UNK
not the great american comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too . 	UNK
two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned 	UNK
high humidity 	UNK
are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances 	UNK
some phenomenal performances 	UNK
a mediocre movie 	UNK
is bound to appreciate 	UNK
just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be 	UNK
cinematic poetry 	UNK
gifted 	UNK
( the film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of tom green and the farrelly brothers . 	UNK
superb performances 	UNK
everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced 	UNK
stooping to gooeyness 	UNK
slap me 	UNK
made me unintentionally famous 	UNK
indie . 	UNK
artfully 	UNK
( sci-fi ) rehash 	UNK
of his spiritual survival 	UNK
is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all . 	UNK
how very bad 	UNK
profound without ever being self-important 	UNK
with a big impact 	UNK
hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor . 	UNK
every bit as imperious 	UNK
just utter ` uhhh , ' 	UNK
it strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain . 	UNK
been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle 	UNK
like having an old friend for dinner ' 	UNK
her grace with a moving camera 	UNK
gets harder and harder to understand her choices 	UNK
characters so unsympathetic 	UNK
boredom never takes hold . 	UNK
idealistic kid 	UNK
star/producer salma hayek and director julie taymor have infused frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own . 	UNK
one of shakespeare 's better known tragedies 	UNK
his difficult , endless work 	UNK
a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme 	UNK
with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes 	UNK
is actually 	UNK
competent performers from movies , television and the theater 	UNK
jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - 	UNK
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans . 	UNK
undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs 	UNK
is a comedy , both gentle and biting 	UNK
it 's worth taking the kids to . 	UNK
found it slow , predictable and not very amusing 	UNK
rigid and evasive 	UNK
sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics 	UNK
plenty to enjoy 	UNK
on the shoulders of its actors 	UNK
to call this film a lump of coal 	UNK
mighty 	UNK
a sucker 	UNK
had this much imagination and nerve 	UNK
's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood 	UNK
a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed 	UNK
describe as a castrated 	UNK
which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure 	UNK
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director mark romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin . 	UNK
best special effects 	UNK
it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special . 	UNK
seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . 	UNK
, what a thrill ride 	UNK
wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work 	UNK
generates little narrative momentum , 	UNK
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid . 	UNK
the best 	UNK
ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah 	UNK
is a deeply unpleasant experience . 	UNK
direct-to-video 	UNK
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , 	UNK
map thematically and stylistically , and 	UNK
malcolm d. lee 	UNK
jagjit 	UNK
certain robustness 	UNK
can easily worm its way into your heart . 	UNK
'' is an actor 's movie first and foremost . 	UNK
no real sense of suspense 	UNK
a bit too eager to please 	UNK
it 's also pretty funny 	UNK
moved 	UNK
in search of purpose or even a plot 	UNK
especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time 	UNK
's kind of sad 	UNK
solutions 	UNK
a mess 	UNK
it is worth searching out . 	UNK
writer / director m. night shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity 	UNK
no real sense 	UNK
avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks 	UNK
the film is flat . 	UNK
eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation . 	UNK
provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche 	UNK
visually and thematically 	UNK
untalented 	UNK
all too predictable and far too cliched 	UNK
extra-dry 	UNK
to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one 	UNK
can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut . 	UNK
manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week 	UNK
more quick-witted than any english lit 	UNK
the most part a useless movie , 	UNK
has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience 	UNK
i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it 	UNK
gorgeous epic 	UNK
although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness 	UNK
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking 	UNK
is worth your time , especially if you have ellen pompeo sitting next to you for the ride 	UNK
seriously , rent the disney version . 	UNK
only unsatisfactorily 	UNK
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat 	UNK
dismember 	UNK
its own existence 	UNK
lusty , 	UNK
comes off as annoying rather than charming 	UNK
is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be . 	UNK
bad , bad movie 	UNK
appeal to asian cult cinema fans 	UNK
easy film 	UNK
as bored 	UNK
have a case of masochism and an hour and a half 	UNK
after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy 	UNK
tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving 	UNK
is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller . 	UNK
the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process . 	UNK
dull plots 	UNK
the actors pick up the slack 	UNK
imaginative and 	UNK
but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources . 	UNK
evans is ) a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie . 	UNK
enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other 	UNK
characteristic warmth 	UNK
landmark as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs . 	UNK
's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress 	UNK
, intellectually and logistically a mess . 	UNK
holding equilibrium up 	UNK
a heartfelt conviction 	UNK
deeply biased , 	UNK
amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film 	UNK
this is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain . 	UNK
this film should not be missed . 	UNK
fizzability 	UNK
well-formed 	UNK
clue you in that something 's horribly wrong 	UNK
and choppy recycling 	UNK
if you do n't understand what on earth is going on 	UNK
is so lovely toward the end 	UNK
sketchy characters and immature provocations 	UNK
for evil 	UNK
she may not be real 	UNK
panic room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat 	UNK
including a knockout of a closing line ) 	UNK
one makes 	UNK
more graceful 	UNK
never does `` lilo & stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan . '' 	UNK
half-hearted fluke 	UNK
: it 's not really funny . 	UNK
speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates . 	UNK
very lively dream 	UNK
this much imagination and 	UNK
'll know a star when you see one . 	UNK
who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance 	UNK
berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance 	UNK
the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline 	UNK
being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and 	UNK
buy this stuff 	UNK
evans ) had , lost , and got back 	UNK
pinheads who talk throughout the show . 	UNK
engrossing film 	UNK
dare i say , entertaining ! 	UNK
, safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven . 	UNK
the perfectly pitched web 	UNK
ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness 	UNK
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , 	UNK
directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion 	UNK
of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character 	UNK
an all-star salute 	UNK
be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick 	UNK
's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera 	UNK
see this delightful comedy 	UNK
limp eddie murphy 	UNK
tartly 	UNK
this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers 	UNK
the movie is certainly not number 1 	UNK
everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill 	UNK
any shoddy product 	UNK
sensitive acting 	UNK
is a mess from start to finish 	UNK
hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing 	UNK
to the actress , and to her inventive director 	UNK
one of those ` alternate reality ' 	UNK
to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy 	UNK
reasonably entertaining sequel 	UNK
both a beautifully 	UNK
desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s 	UNK
it may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . '' 	UNK
's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding 	UNK
essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered 	UNK
a whole lot 	UNK
boisterous 	UNK
a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film 	UNK
was so uninspiring 	UNK
of control on a long patch of black ice 	UNK
macaroni and cheese 	UNK
( denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film 	UNK
the previous movies 	UNK
ugly and destructive little **** 	UNK
does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen 	UNK
invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series 	UNK
told well 	UNK
an asian neo-realist treasure . 	UNK
is technically sophisticated in the worst way . 	UNK
ever so gracefully 	UNK
watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself 	UNK
a comedy to start a reaction 	UNK
is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love 	UNK
kong action cinema 	UNK
with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing 	UNK
what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers . 	UNK
eight crazy nights is a total misfire . 	UNK
talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark 	UNK
'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back 	UNK
it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences 	UNK
the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense 	UNK
do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament 	UNK
demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken 	UNK
ca n't really call it a work of art 	UNK
are so spot on 	UNK
the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment 	UNK
with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they is n't 	UNK
's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days 	UNK
is the one 	UNK
stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering 	UNK
then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 	UNK
a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars 	UNK
is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher . 	UNK
, it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time . 	UNK
of solid performances 	UNK
's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age/coming-out tale . 	UNK
german jewish refugees 	UNK
is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string 	UNK
real human soul 	UNK
gives us mostly fool 's gold 	UNK
keener is marvelous 	UNK
energetic and always surprising performance 	UNK
of its grand locations 	UNK
get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees 	UNK
has a `` what was it all for 	UNK
does deliver a few gut-busting laughs 	UNK
-- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing . 	UNK
frankly , it 's pretty stupid . 	UNK
their own comfortable niche 	UNK
plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year . 	UNK
have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema . 	UNK
what 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up . 	UNK
you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots 	UNK
protective cocoon 	UNK
seem heroic deserves a look 	UNK
ultimately disappoint the action 	UNK
refreshing and comical spin 	UNK
reading an oversized picture book before bedtime 	UNK
a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket . 	UNK
achieves some kind of goofy grandeur 	UNK
grandeur ' shots 	UNK
hell-bent 	UNK
a modern motion picture 	UNK
the self-serious equilibrium 	UNK
it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 	UNK
a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar 's time of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation 	UNK
strong voices 	UNK
the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance . 	UNK
shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly 	UNK
is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer . 	UNK
realism , crisp storytelling and radiant 	UNK
a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing . 	UNK
such a dungpile 	UNK
an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism 	UNK
this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget 	UNK
... expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape . 	UNK
before it begins to fade from memory 	UNK
yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	UNK
successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie 	UNK
very smart 	UNK
at least a minimal appreciation 	UNK
new inspiration 	UNK
slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease 	UNK
terrorism 	UNK
humane 	UNK
is impossible 	UNK
up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms 	UNK
elaborate futuristic sets 	UNK
is boring 	UNK
the good girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but 	UNK
the standards of knucklehead swill 	UNK
of dramatic enlightenment 	UNK
from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud 	UNK
you 're going to face frightening late fees 	UNK
bring you into the characters 	UNK
the entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood . 	UNK
're in for a painful ride 	UNK
issues ' 	UNK
numb experience 	UNK
fun adventure movie 	UNK
a bold ( and lovely ) experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams . 	UNK
empty , purposeless 	UNK
emphasis 	UNK
if you are willing to do this , then you so crazy ! 	UNK
rushed 	UNK
has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers 	UNK
befuddled 	UNK
has a good line in charm 	UNK
it may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding . 	UNK
the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes 	UNK
afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn 	UNK
a landmark in film history 	UNK
finding their way to joy 	UNK
can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it 	UNK
a smart and funny 	UNK
by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks 	UNK
more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer 	UNK
when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns 	UNK
knows everything and answers all questions , 	UNK
new testament stories 	UNK
gets too cloying 	UNK
it looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such . 	UNK
because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out 	UNK
find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash . 	UNK
play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking 	UNK
that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore 	UNK
too deep or substantial . 	UNK
based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior 	UNK
that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games 	UNK
ill-advised and poorly 	UNK
's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground 	UNK
ideas and awkwardness 	UNK
usual spielberg flair 	UNK
a film neither bitter nor sweet 	UNK
nothing happens , and 	UNK
badly cobbled 	UNK
clarity and deeply 	UNK
the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm 	UNK
, empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining . 	UNK
are pure hollywood 	UNK
an elegant work , food of love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing . 	UNK
has the disadvantage of also looking cheap 	UNK
's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair 	UNK
merrily 	UNK
definitely worth 95 minutes of your time . 	UNK
past love story derisions 	UNK
it may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns . 	UNK
more than a whiff of exploitation 	UNK
style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story 	UNK
of impact and moments 	UNK
a rip-off of the matrix 	UNK
probably should 	UNK
an escapist confection that 's pure entertainment . 	UNK
nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced 	UNK
tedious and turgid 	UNK
is so anemic 	UNK
he gives none to the audience 	UNK
very top rank 	UNK
's still a sweet , even delectable diversion . 	UNK
are every bit as distinctive as his visuals 	UNK
an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film . 	UNK
powerful commentary 	UNK
is a weirdly beautiful place 	UNK
you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role . 	UNK
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees . 	UNK
mindless and 	UNK
shindler 	UNK
as hannibal would say , yes , ` it 's like having an old friend for dinner ' . 	UNK
an amused indictment of jaglom 's own profession . 	UNK
manages to incorporate both the horror 	UNK
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited 	UNK
mostly plays it straight , turning leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder . 	UNK
the ensemble has something fascinating to do 	UNK
catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness 	UNK
intelligent , and humanly funny film 	UNK
` top of the world ' 	UNK
smeary and 	UNK
is funny , insightfully human and 	UNK
future-world 	UNK
by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters 	UNK
despite its hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of `` lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script . 	UNK
is supposed to be madcap farce . 	UNK
with but they 're simply not funny performers 	UNK
change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat 	UNK
too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer 	UNK
sequences boring 	UNK
no point in extracting the bare bones of byatt 's plot for purposes of bland hollywood romance 	UNK
these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and 	UNK
we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage 	UNK
bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work 	UNK
appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché . 	UNK
compelling , provocative and prescient 	UNK
( `` safe conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage 	UNK
mean-spirited and 	UNK
( a ) real pleasure in its laid-back way 	UNK
start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line 	UNK
plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises 	UNK
pushiness and decibel 	UNK
rich and sudden 	UNK
most consumers of lo mein and general tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . 	UNK
of love and companionship 	UNK
its accumulated enjoyment 	UNK
lifetime milestones 	UNK
of pleasure or sensuality 	UNK
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director 	UNK
, smoky and inviting 	UNK
for excitement 	UNK
armed with a game supporting cast 	UNK
often-funny 	UNK
fails to entertain 	UNK
the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic . 	UNK
be patient with the lovely hush ! 	UNK
, nuanced 	UNK
remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective 	UNK
debts 	UNK
the endlessly repetitive scenes 	UNK
is better than most of the writing in the movie 	UNK
the film is a fierce dance of destruction . 	UNK
pulpy 	UNK
it 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious 	UNK
orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull 	UNK
stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king 	UNK
australian actor/director john polson and award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation . 	UNK
wonderfully creepy 	UNK
of a particularly nightmarish fairytale 	UNK
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and 	UNK
for the marquis de sade set 	UNK
) gorgeous 	UNK
is truly gorgeous 	UNK
the awful complications 	UNK
enough said , except : film overboard ! 	UNK
michel piccoli 's moving performance 	UNK
a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code 	UNK
in fact , even better . 	UNK
this argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors . 	UNK
an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar 	UNK
to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out 	UNK
when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours 	UNK
please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies 	UNK
one lousy movie . 	UNK
, it 's just as wonderful on the big screen . 	UNK
little less bling-bling and a lot more romance 	UNK
amazingly evocative film 	UNK
a movie instead of an endless trailer 	UNK
with dickens ' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told . 	UNK
new york 's finest and 	UNK
any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions 	UNK
it 's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor 	UNK
might as well be watching a rerun 	UNK
's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey . 	UNK
the punch lines that miss 	UNK
a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird . 	UNK
for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters 	UNK
, i 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show . 	UNK
of ` laugh therapy ' 	UNK
cynicism every bit 	UNK
made to look bad 	UNK
well-developed characters 	UNK
delightful mix 	UNK
dog soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it . 	UNK
the breezy and amateurish feel 	UNK
treachery 	UNK
worry 	UNK
balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem 	UNK
on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time 	UNK
berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years 	UNK
the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner 	UNK
are frequently too dark to be decipherable 	UNK
ensure that the film is never dull 	UNK
the tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals . 	UNK
for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations 	UNK
's this rich and luscious 	UNK
lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago . 	UNK
putters 	UNK
's nothing resembling a spine here 	UNK
failure 	UNK
dramatic things happen to people 	UNK
the hardy spirit of cuban music 	UNK
lumpy as two-day old porridge 	UNK
whiny 	UNK
attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama . 	UNK
is too mainstream 	UNK
that the new film is a lame kiddie flick 	UNK
secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way . 	UNK
been there , done 	UNK
's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year 	UNK
will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic 	UNK
unrewarding collar 	UNK
appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time 	UNK
smart and entirely charming 	UNK
forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos 	UNK
sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously . 	UNK
's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless 	UNK
a hugely rewarding experience 	UNK
an uneven mix 	UNK
horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american right-wing extremists . 	UNK
can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time 	UNK
woefully 	UNK
could have been much stronger 	UNK
is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers . 	UNK
duck the very issues it raises 	UNK
possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything 	UNK
much stronger 	UNK
predisposed to like it 	UNK
with no obvious escape 	UNK
get out 	UNK
's the sweet cinderella story that `` pretty woman '' wanted to be 	UNK
ultimate blame 	UNK
good sweat 	UNK
gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek 	UNK
nearly every attempt at humor 	UNK
your first instinct is to duck 	UNK
an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily 	UNK
filled with love for the movies of the 1960s . 	UNK
its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes 	UNK
tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference ... 	UNK
strenuous 	UNK
make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe 	UNK
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort 	UNK
is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon 	UNK
pretty good 	UNK
not to be dismissed 	UNK
when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm . 	UNK
more tiring than anything . 	UNK
satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation 	UNK
that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace . 	UNK
pokes , provokes , 	UNK
remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film 	UNK
authentically vague 	UNK
has no place to go since simone is not real 	UNK
the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written 	UNK
often intense 	UNK
baked cardboard 	UNK
poorly written 	UNK
overly sillified plot 	UNK
textbook lives 	UNK
after a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky . 	UNK
interesting technical 	UNK
is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen 	UNK
at its worst 	UNK
rotting underbelly 	UNK
so bleak 	UNK
the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations 	UNK
be low , very low , very very low , 	UNK
an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives . 	UNK
full of the kind of obnoxious 	UNK
in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker 	UNK
rises 	UNK
powerful acting clinic 	UNK
, hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it . 	UNK
the characters are based on stock clichés , 	UNK
is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream 	UNK
, deeply felt 	UNK
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest 	UNK
an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic 	UNK
many clichés 	UNK
dry humor and jarring shocks 	UNK
pallid horror 	UNK
captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse . 	UNK
the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects 	UNK
exciting plot 	UNK
's already a joke in the united states 	UNK
about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped 	UNK
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that . 	UNK
into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through 	UNK
packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack 	UNK
laugh-out-loud funny 	UNK
beginning to hate it 	UNK
overinflated 	UNK
half the fun of college football games 	UNK
who stumble into rules expecting a slice of american pie hijinks starring the kid from dawson 's creek 	UNK
makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture 	UNK
a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man 	UNK
your toes wo n't still be tapping 	UNK
it 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction . 	UNK
-- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw . 	UNK
it is interminable 	UNK
a likable story , told with competence 	UNK
a marvelous performance 	UNK
surprisingly affecting 	UNK
displacement 	UNK
ample 	UNK
hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications 	UNK
air conditioning and popcorn 	UNK
guarantee that no wise men will be following after it 	UNK
slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough . 	UNK
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through . 	UNK
bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys . 	UNK
about openness , particularly the 	UNK
its storytelling prowess and 	UNK
, you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned . 	UNK
the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often 	UNK
are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie 	UNK
( reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at george w. bush , henry kissinger , larry king , et al . 	UNK
over-familiarity 	UNK
too fancy , not too filling 	UNK
the cinematography is atrocious 	UNK
grab your kids and run 	UNK
an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war 	UNK
he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today 	UNK
for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary 	UNK
the banality and hypocrisy 	UNK
for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view 	UNK
irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free . 	UNK
its success on a patient viewer 	UNK
good films 	UNK
insultingly simplistic 	UNK
with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path . 	UNK
the story 's pathetic and 	UNK
meaty 	UNK
convincing case 	UNK
showtime 's uninspired send-up 	UNK
beautifully produced film 	UNK
as much as i laughed throughout the movie 	UNK
a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was n't 	UNK
though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch . 	UNK
fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes 	UNK
pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed 	UNK
morally 	UNK
it did n't 	UNK
reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters 	UNK
shocking in its eroticized gore 	UNK
that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home 	UNK
after being snared in its own tangled plot 	UNK
the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy 	UNK
grow impatient 	UNK
a breathtakingly assured and stylish work 	UNK
another peek at some of the magic we saw in glitter here in wisegirls 	UNK
truly awful and 	UNK
's far too sentimental 	UNK
weak claims 	UNK
succeeded 	UNK
well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant 	UNK
sleaziness 	UNK
is a movie full of grace 	UNK
proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing 	UNK
slyly exquisite 	UNK
of a happy ending 	UNK
, a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd . 	UNK
extraordinary 	UNK
may lack the pungent bite of its title 	UNK
everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away 	UNK
common through-line 	UNK
firmly 	UNK
could n't recommend this film more . 	UNK
while cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem . 	UNK
with us is a minor miracle 	UNK
for silly summer entertainment 	UNK
what 's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be . 	UNK
offers absolutely nothing i had n't already seen . 	UNK
flinging their feces at you 	UNK
truly come to care about the main characters 	UNK
lackadaisical 	UNK
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people 	UNK
embraces it , energizes it and 	UNK
is nicely shot 	UNK
is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear . 	UNK
in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm 	UNK
a profoundly stupid affair 	UNK
stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters . 	UNK
widescreen photography 	UNK
have returned from the beyond to warn you 	UNK
a compelling story to tell 	UNK
you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones 's diary 	UNK
maguire makes it a comic book with soul 	UNK
they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were . 	UNK
, sordid universe 	UNK
has some unnecessary parts and 	UNK
fits the bill perfectly 	UNK
showtime eventually folds under its own thinness . 	UNK
adorably 	UNK
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal 	UNK
genial and decent 	UNK
the film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished . 	UNK
to comparing the evil dead with evil dead ii 	UNK
a beautiful , entertaining two hours . 	UNK
barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks . 	UNK
should not be missed 	UNK
fascinating literary mystery story 	UNK
its perfect quiet pace 	UNK
chilling and fascinating as philippe mora 's modern hitler-study 	UNK
fairy-tale conclusion 	UNK
one hour photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but 	UNK
carries us effortlessly 	UNK
never wanted to leave . 	UNK
narrative arc 	UNK
does give a taste of the burning man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity . 	UNK
hallelujah for small favors 	UNK
for the heart as well as the mind 	UNK
engross 	UNK
just never gets off the ground . 	UNK
a must see for all sides of the political spectrum 	UNK
lacking the slightest bit 	UNK
waiting for dvd and just skipping straight to her scenes 	UNK
overlong documentary about ` the lifestyle . 	UNK
morbid 	UNK
bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points . 	UNK
ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch 	UNK
to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 	UNK
long overdue 	UNK
capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism 	UNK
wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships 	UNK
silliness and 	UNK
's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously 	UNK
on a positive ( if tragic ) note 	UNK
playing a role of almost bergmanesque intensity ... bisset is both convincing and radiant . 	UNK
save oleander 's uninspired story 	UNK
found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays 	UNK
winking social commentary 	UNK
making dog day afternoon with a cause 	UNK
fire a torpedo 	UNK
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure . 	UNK
to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror 	UNK
is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death 	UNK
a bit on the skinny side 	UNK
to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be 	UNK
though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen the hunger or cat people will find little new here , 	UNK
happiness 	UNK
's best served cold 	UNK
this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree 	UNK
mctiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet 	UNK
faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a 	UNK
yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second . 	UNK
attract and sustain an older crowd 	UNK
make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying 	UNK
small , human moments 	UNK
imaginative teacher 	UNK
it -- 	UNK
a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project 	UNK
destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics 	UNK
is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes . 	UNK
has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone 	UNK
to keep the film entertaining 	UNK
characters are both overplayed and exaggerated 	UNK
the sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down . 	UNK
are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze 	UNK
irresponsible 	UNK
a disservice 	UNK
a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness 	UNK
cultural and personal self-discovery and 	UNK
the vampires 	UNK
an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine 	UNK
despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . ' 	UNK
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad 	UNK
this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material 	UNK
glib but bouncy 	UNK
harrison ford low 	UNK
rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out 	UNK
the plot is both contrived and cliched 	UNK
old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles 	UNK
return to never land is much more p.c. than the original version ( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) , but the excitement is missing 	UNK
i think it was plato who said , ' i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theater for this one . 	UNK
may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done 	UNK
a measure of style 	UNK
plain crap 	UNK
when her material is not first-rate 	UNK
appealing 	UNK
style and empathy 	UNK
a pleasant distraction , 	UNK
pat storylines , precious circumstances 	UNK
a tree 	UNK
wide-smiling reception 	UNK
a good line 	UNK
he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited 	UNK
groggy 	UNK
the movie does n't generate a lot of energy . 	UNK
a decent popcorn adventure 	UNK
makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it 	UNK
imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 	UNK
sorvino is delightful in the central role . 	UNK
the worst movie of 2002 	UNK
boisterous energy 	UNK
with grace and panache 	UNK
truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together 	UNK
takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and 	UNK
takes a fresh and absorbing look 	UNK
generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing . 	UNK
what hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light 	UNK
venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece 	UNK
is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen . 	UNK
of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness 	UNK
with laughs 	UNK
intriguing and downright intoxicating . 	UNK
do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version 	UNK
of a good movie ye who enter here 	UNK
love and humility 	UNK
resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture 	UNK
deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride . 	UNK
no clue about making a movie 	UNK
gag two or three times 	UNK
intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening 	UNK
of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy 	UNK
that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 	UNK
gangster/crime comedy 	UNK
precious little substance 	UNK
a noticeable lack of pace 	UNK
doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans 	UNK
perception , conviction 	UNK
be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation 	UNK
seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic 	UNK
i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one 	UNK
my own minority report is that it stinks . 	UNK
most politically audacious 	UNK
the château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . ' 	UNK
close to real life 	UNK
scare any sane person away 	UNK
practically every facet of inept filmmaking 	UNK
jell into charm 	UNK
all add up to a satisfying crime drama . 	UNK
is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors 	UNK
sulky 	UNK
get your money back 	UNK
so freely 	UNK
, pretentious 	UNK
of the avant-garde fused with their humor 	UNK
it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny 	UNK
an ironically killer soundtrack 	UNK
never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash . 	UNK
fascinating film 	UNK
falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey . 	UNK
the dark places of our national psyche 	UNK
the dry humor 	UNK
that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song 	UNK
inside the wave 	UNK
who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized 	UNK
a calm , self-assured portrait 	UNK
is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky . 	UNK
inoffensive 	UNK
rigor 	UNK
as sharp 	UNK
insufferably 	UNK
exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be 	UNK
of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with 	UNK
the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull . 	UNK
, miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . 	UNK
matters play out realistically if not always fairly . 	UNK
courageousness 	UNK
despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow 	UNK
foremost cinematic poet 	UNK
... a rather bland affair . 	UNK
green ruins every single scene he 's in , 	UNK
steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece 	UNK
done-to-death 	UNK
it 's an effort to watch this movie , but 	UNK
features fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity . 	UNK
nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts -- 	UNK
taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling 	UNK
an infinitely wittier version of the home alone formula . 	UNK
plutonium 	UNK
is a distinct rarity , and an event 	UNK
heartfelt and achingly real 	UNK
based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis 	UNK
all the small moments and flashbacks do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition . 	UNK
an earnest try at beachcombing verismo 	UNK
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack 	UNK
should appeal to women 	UNK
poor dana carvey 	UNK
talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture 	UNK
they need it to sell us on this twisted love story 	UNK
frantic , virulent and foul-natured 	UNK
magnificent jackie chan 	UNK
a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically 	UNK
: stallion of the cimarron is a winner . 	UNK
richly rewarded 	UNK
deadpan cool , wry humor and 	UNK
, it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees . 	UNK
sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet 	UNK
two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected 	UNK
of the most repellent things 	UNK
perfect medium 	UNK
rare imax movie 	UNK
ultimately the story compels 	UNK
thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film . 	UNK
belly laughs 	UNK
come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s 	UNK
been part of for the most part wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` being earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and parker 's creative interference 	UNK
there 's no real sense of suspense 	UNK
to mediocrity 	UNK
intoxicating 	UNK
is , in fact , so interesting 	UNK
together frustrating 	UNK
despite some comic sparks , welcome to collinwood never catches fire . 	UNK
through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot 	UNK
do n't entirely ` get ' godard 's distinctive discourse 	UNK
the power of love 	UNK
as emotionally grand 	UNK
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , 	UNK
works on no level whatsoever for me . 	UNK
enormous 	UNK
the illogic of its characters 	UNK
goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection 	UNK
a little more humanity 	UNK
as clear and reliable an authority on that 	UNK
when it is n't incomprehensible 	UNK
action man cliché atop wooden dialogue 	UNK
into this somewhat tired premise 	UNK
hollow , self-indulgent 	UNK
thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere 	UNK
mesmerizing one 	UNK
while the importance of being earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances . 	UNK
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even 	UNK
this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention . 	UNK
the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while 	UNK
( a ) thoughtful , visually graceful work . 	UNK
at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances 	UNK
a seven rip-off 	UNK
documentary-like credibility 	UNK
it 's a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill 	UNK
of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter 	UNK
the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say 	UNK
every moment crackles with tension , 	UNK
a classical dramatic animated feature , 	UNK
bowling you over 	UNK
... a true delight . 	UNK
a fair bit of vampire fun 	UNK
old-fashioned but emotionally stirring 	UNK
script error 	UNK
the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . ' 	UNK
is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure 	UNK
of the most politically audacious films of recent decades 	UNK
splashed with bloody beauty as vivid 	UNK
lacking any real emotional impact 	UNK
many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience 	UNK
it 's an ambitious film , and 	UNK
seeing something purer than the real thing 	UNK
have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie 	UNK
masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' 	UNK
itself is small and shriveled 	UNK
of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one 	UNK
defies classification 	UNK
a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard ... and the 1999 guy ritchie 	UNK
not counting a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget 	UNK
the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance 	UNK
a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into . 	UNK
a good film 	UNK
contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone 	UNK
story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material . 	UNK
nasty aftertaste 	UNK
powerful and telling 	UNK
torn apart 	UNK
melodramatic mountain 	UNK
human moments 	UNK
entertaining documentary 	UNK
marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel 	UNK
like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , 	UNK
is always welcome . 	UNK
on the surface a silly comedy 	UNK
remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . ' 	UNK
classical dramatic animated feature 	UNK
clamoring for another ride 	UNK
far too much 	UNK
made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones 	UNK
a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots 	UNK
a very well-meaning movie , and 	UNK
remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift 	UNK
moving and weighty depiction 	UNK
, the film works as well as it does because of the performances . 	UNK
's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness . 	UNK
overall the halloween series has lost its edge 	UNK
the movie rising above similar fare 	UNK
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and 	UNK
offers a persuasive 	UNK
most likeable 	UNK
the story compels 	UNK
a tremendous piece of work . 	UNK
ca n't act 	UNK
the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat . 	UNK
on its fairly ludicrous plot 	UNK
be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors 	UNK
and narrative grace 	UNK
is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring . 	UNK
'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening 	UNK
more fun watching a documentary 	UNK
sly , sophisticated and surprising 	UNK
ratliff 's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon . 	UNK
cassavetes thinks he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon . 	UNK
feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening . 	UNK
wanderers and a bronx tale 	UNK
stench 	UNK
is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks 	UNK
that 's just too boring and obvious 	UNK
cheerfully 	UNK
i 've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close 	UNK
a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 . 	UNK
is almost in a class with that of wilde himself 	UNK
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged 	UNK
overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a buñuel retrospective 	UNK
the richness 	UNK
a silly hack-and-slash flick 	UNK
has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) 	UNK
some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory 	UNK
never having seen the first two films in the series , i ca n't compare friday after next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days 	UNK
should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end 	UNK
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and 	UNK
this time , the hype is quieter , and 	UNK
the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 	UNK
decent draft 	UNK
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport . 	UNK
brilliantly played 	UNK
got it right the first time 	UNK
seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie . 	UNK
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid 	UNK
shrieky special effects 	UNK
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue 	UNK
the modern rut 	UNK
are bad 	UNK
that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads 	UNK
scathingly witty 	UNK
bitchy 	UNK
so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope 	UNK
given up 	UNK
ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out 	UNK
pretention 	UNK
the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie 	UNK
a predictable outcome and 	UNK
film history 	UNK
taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit 	UNK
, uncertain film 	UNK
, emotionally honest 	UNK
mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty 	UNK
retread story 	UNK
avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up 	UNK
be mesmerised 	UNK
dumb , narratively chaotic , 	UNK
a delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow . 	UNK
at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance . 	UNK
through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings 	UNK
sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be 	UNK
yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe . 	UNK
high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie 	UNK
unfolds as sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form 	UNK
are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock ( since sept. 11 ) 	UNK
of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse 	UNK
a small gem from belgium 	UNK
a worthwhile documentary 	UNK
wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence 	UNK
on sophisticated , discerning taste 	UNK
right tone 	UNK
... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted . 	UNK
most excruciating 	UNK
to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood 	UNK
the increasingly diverse french director 	UNK
boredom to the point of collapse 	UNK
this stuck pig 	UNK
combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption . 	UNK
a humorless 	UNK
provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc 	UNK
no one can hear you snore 	UNK
sucks , but 	UNK
that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem 	UNK
the script carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . '' 	UNK
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery 	UNK
spiritless , silly and monotonous 	UNK
a superb performance 	UNK
main asset 	UNK
just two 	UNK
beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances 	UNK
a long , unfunny one 	UNK
with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations 	UNK
far the worst movie of the year 	UNK
low-budget 	UNK
powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign 	UNK
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling . 	UNK
good performances keep it from being a total rehash . 	UNK
spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later . 	UNK
's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' 	UNK
than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe 	UNK
in ( the characters ' ) misery 	UNK
about schmidt is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear . 	UNK
( seagal 's ) strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year 's razzie . 	UNK
shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people 	UNK
transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being 	UNK
sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction . 	UNK
are both overplayed and exaggerated 	UNK
the rock is destined to be the 21st century 's new `` conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal . 	UNK
that few movies are able to accomplish 	UNK
the beaten path , not necessarily for the better 	UNK
a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic 	UNK
getting there is not even half the interest . 	UNK
favorably 	UNK
this mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , john c. walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago . 	UNK
had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama 	UNK
the actors are humanly engaged 	UNK
of empathy 	UNK
leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered 	UNK
thought-provoking and stylish 	UNK
historically significant , 	UNK
as subtle and touching as the son 's room 	UNK
put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d 	UNK
into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide 	UNK
lacks the spirit of the previous two , 	UNK
are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front 	UNK
ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter 's the thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 	UNK
` synthetic ' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree . 	UNK
a bloated plot 	UNK
classic theater piece 	UNK
my only complaint 	UNK
to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	UNK
you can do no wrong with jason x. 	UNK
's still entertaining to watch the target practice . 	UNK
a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation 	UNK
for only 71 minutes 	UNK
an elegant visual sense and a talent 	UNK
, consistently funny . 	UNK
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or 	UNK
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings 	UNK
to be a breath of fresh air 	UNK
tries too hard 	UNK
is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere . 	UNK
fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) 	UNK
everybody loves a david and goliath story 	UNK
a lame romantic comedy 	UNK
the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché . 	UNK
the writing is indifferent 	UNK
will probably like it . 	UNK
of his top-notch creative team 	UNK
when it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama 	UNK
needlessly poor quality 	UNK
an enthralling , entertaining feature 	UNK
with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set 	UNK
lines , the impressive stagings of hardware 	UNK
bewilderingly brilliant 	UNK
with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they is n't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright . 	UNK
summery 	UNK
carefully choreographed 	UNK
- as-nasty - 	UNK
would be better as a diary or documentary 	UNK
a true adaptation of her book 	UNK
the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope 	UNK
are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry 	UNK
cinematic deception 	UNK
delightful hand shadows 	UNK
about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics 	UNK
making the right choice 	UNK
be the performances of their careers 	UNK
with energy and innovation 	UNK
a hard-to-swallow premise 	UNK
of the wondrous beats 	UNK
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , 	UNK
made but uninvolving 	UNK
life 	UNK
the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking 	UNK
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but 	UNK
that both thrills the eye 	UNK
mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device 	UNK
the acting is n't much better . 	UNK
it is n't particularly funny 	UNK
are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters . 	UNK
'' comes from the heart 	UNK
absorbing movie 	UNK
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release 	UNK
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i 've ever seen in the many film and 	UNK
dystopian 	UNK
... a bland , pretentious mess . 	UNK
the jokes are sophomoric , 	UNK
well-timed explosion 	UNK
creepy turn 	UNK
though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle 	UNK
beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments . 	UNK
it 's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring . 	UNK
with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel 	UNK
great actors hamming it up 	UNK
delightful cast 	UNK
false , sitcom-worthy solutions 	UNK
mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself 	UNK
is too upbeat 	UNK
modest masterpiece . 	UNK
not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again . 	UNK
a stylistic 	UNK
that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type 	UNK
his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle 	UNK
brings us right into the center of that world 	UNK
titular 	UNK
the more common saccharine genre 	UNK
characteristic style 	UNK
a stunningly unoriginal premise 	UNK
long-on-the-shelf 	UNK
revigorates 	UNK
nuanced performance 	UNK
a major waste ... 	UNK
a sports extravaganza 	UNK
any scorsese has ever given us 	UNK
the only pain 	UNK
, and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script 	UNK
rather slow beginning 	UNK
a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man . 	UNK
document 	UNK
lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's 	UNK
this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . 	UNK
is terrific 	UNK
distressing 	UNK
a sub-formulaic slap 	UNK
the tears come during that final , beautiful scene 	UNK
itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation . 	UNK
ear-splitting 	UNK
vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of . 	UNK
better entertainment 	UNK
storytelling feels slight . 	UNK
guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today 	UNK
is funny and pithy , 	UNK
then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years . 	UNK
lingering death 	UNK
did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery 	UNK
russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features . 	UNK
is a hoot , 	UNK
into a sane and breathtakingly creative film 	UNK
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy 	UNK
` laugh therapy ' 	UNK
passing twinkle 	UNK
good surprise ending 	UNK
popcorn movie fun 	UNK
some movie star charisma 	UNK
that leaves you wanting more 	UNK
the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; 	UNK
, funnier . 	UNK
for anyone 	UNK
than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes 	UNK
its worthy predecessors 	UNK
uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof . 	UNK
a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild 	UNK
as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots 	UNK
something to be ` fully experienced ' 	UNK
remarkable 	UNK
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , 	UNK
insightful about kissinger 's background and history 	UNK
-- definitely a step in the right direction 	UNK
charming but slight comedy 	UNK
to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop 	UNK
tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents 	UNK
gave me no reason to care 	UNK
quietly hopeful 	UNK
muy loco , but no more ridiculous 	UNK
life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor 	UNK
a nice , light treat 	UNK
inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 	UNK
perfect teaming 	UNK
more of the same old garbage 	UNK
slow , 	UNK
lacks the spirit of the previous two 	UNK
fine performance 	UNK
that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time 	UNK
for kids or their parents , for that matter 	UNK
a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire . 	UNK
if there 's no art here 	UNK
, surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait . 	UNK
who cares ? 	UNK
painstaking 	UNK
, amusing and unpredictable 	UNK
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out . 	UNK
bloodsucker computer effects 	UNK
the film is a hilarious adventure and 	UNK
is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold 	UNK
the way a good noir should 	UNK
creates something more beautiful than either of those films 	UNK
is amazing 	UNK
your typical junkie opera 	UNK
summer audience 	UNK
there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations 	UNK
the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence . 	UNK
emotional power 	UNK
this turd 	UNK
profound characterizations 	UNK
anemic , pretentious . 	UNK
's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey 	UNK
's just merely very bad . 	UNK
raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before 	UNK
often strains 	UNK
a lunar mission with no signs of life 	UNK
of badness 	UNK
predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters 	UNK
tackles more than she can handle 	UNK
` blue crush ' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award . 	UNK
pulls off enough 	UNK
a surprisingly ` solid ' achievement 	UNK
give a spark 	UNK
transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange 	UNK
is an enjoyable big movie primarily 	UNK
we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many barney videos . 	UNK
sketches 	UNK
is essentially an extended soap opera 	UNK
true pleasure . 	UNK
's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary 	UNK
once called ` the gift of tears 	UNK
are good 	UNK
complexities 	UNK
by a failure 	UNK
fumbled 	UNK
washed away 	UNK
a nearly 21/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent . 	UNK
black-and-white psychedelia 	UNK
depressingly 	UNK
efficient , 	UNK
to learn , to grow 	UNK
feel the screenwriter at every moment 	UNK
with its love of life and beauty 	UNK
, red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation . 	UNK
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , 	UNK
solid , psychological action film 	UNK
as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with 	UNK
the year 's most enjoyable releases 	UNK
, the more details slip out between his fingers . 	UNK
a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably 	UNK
exploitative 	UNK
hard-won rewards 	UNK
a smart , compelling drama 	UNK
conceited 	UNK
it does elect to head off in its own direction 	UNK
a powerful young actor 	UNK
is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery 	UNK
get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing 	UNK
is a superior horror flick . 	UNK
bad sitcom 	UNK
fails 	UNK
worst 	UNK
a knockout of a closing line 	UNK
you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera 	UNK
the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries . 	UNK
the mind to enter and accept another world 	UNK
essentially ruined -- or , 	UNK
detective story 	UNK
wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating 	UNK
a sentimental hybrid 	UNK
astonishingly 	UNK
screwball ideas 	UNK
her small , intelligent eyes 	UNK
rife with miscalculations 	UNK
like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions 	UNK
pleasant enough dish 	UNK
a convolution 	UNK
feels derivative 	UNK
it treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film . 	UNK
loud , low-budget and tired 	UNK
brings documentary-like credibility 	UNK
comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter . 	UNK
listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again 	UNK
koepp 's screenplay is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own . 	UNK
's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second . 	UNK
rich , bittersweet israeli documentary 	UNK
is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count . 	UNK
adds substantial depth 	UNK
have been called ` under siege 3 	UNK
effort and 	UNK
boorish movie 	UNK
is funny and 	UNK
irritates and saddens me 	UNK
his penchant for tearing up on cue -- 	UNK
is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many . 	UNK
, much ado about something is an amicable endeavor . 	UNK
of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy 	UNK
wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful 	UNK
pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love 	UNK
also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american 	UNK
drag along 	UNK
pot 	UNK
a bitter pill 	UNK
film buffs 	UNK
del 	UNK
you know it 's going to be a trip 	UNK
with few moments of joy rising above the stale material 	UNK
sex gags and prom dates 	UNK
profane and exploitative as the most offensive action 	UNK
impressionistic 	UNK
a confusing melange 	UNK
the film 's crisp , unaffected style 	UNK
funny film 	UNK
open 	UNK
a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable 	UNK
takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker . 	UNK
low-key romantic comedy 	UNK
manically generous 	UNK
strips bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults . 	UNK
is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time 	UNK
its art and heart 	UNK
playstation cocktail 	UNK
elegant and sly 	UNK
much of the movie 's charm 	UNK
the movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- 	UNK
crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and 	UNK
uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful 	UNK
, then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 	UNK
sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions 	UNK
is easily as bad at a fraction the budget 	UNK
dry 	UNK
family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year 	UNK
are simply intoxicating 	UNK
that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy . 	UNK
ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending . 	UNK
doofus 	UNK
a pretty funny movie , 	UNK
flat dialogue 	UNK
the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati . 	UNK
good actors , good poetry 	UNK
what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop 	UNK
a more graceful way 	UNK
does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie . 	UNK
despite iwai 's vaunted empathy 	UNK
fast , funny , and even touching 	UNK
a lobotomy 	UNK
utter mush ... conceited pap 	UNK
about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 	UNK
riveting profile 	UNK
on tediously about their lives , loves and the art 	UNK
appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting 	UNK
the uninspired scripts , acting and direction 	UNK
surprising in how much they engage and even touch us 	UNK
the widowmaker is a great yarn . 	UNK
unrealized 	UNK
low-rent -- 	UNK
caricature 	UNK
a great way to spend 4 units of your day 	UNK
desperate 	UNK
this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope 	UNK
can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards 	UNK
brosnan is more feral in this film than i 've seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him . 	UNK
spielberg flair 	UNK
felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them 	UNK
our imagination 	UNK
is impenetrable and dull 	UNK
simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	UNK
-- and at times , all 	UNK
canny and 	UNK
viva le resistance ! 	UNK
in love with a girl 	UNK
the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story . 	UNK
satire and childhood awakening 	UNK
by men of marginal intelligence 	UNK
brief pretentious period 	UNK
auspicious feature debut 	UNK
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time 	UNK
charming in comedies like american pie and dead-on in election 	UNK
know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick 	UNK
the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : 	UNK
for both the scenic splendor of the mountains 	UNK
it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing . 	UNK
effective 	UNK
even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor 	UNK
incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud 	UNK
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive . 	UNK
is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original . 	UNK
vulgar and forgettably 	UNK
this film 's impressive performances 	UNK
keep you wide awake and ... 	UNK
excruciating film 	UNK
most magical and most fun family fare 	UNK
such a dependable concept 	UNK
mind-numbingly awful 	UNK
a remote shelf 	UNK
, first-time director denzel washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting . 	UNK
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther 	UNK
collective heart attack 	UNK
a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture . 	UNK
drama 	UNK
cheesier 	UNK
the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull 	UNK
the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it . 	UNK
somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment 	UNK
so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be 	UNK
the misery of these people 	UNK
mid-to-low budget 	UNK
suited neither to kids or adults 	UNK
wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie 	UNK
this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry 	UNK
funnier than anything 	UNK
such fury 	UNK
on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel 	UNK
powerful and revelatory 	UNK
crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle . 	UNK
an energetic , extreme-sports adventure 	UNK
oddly fascinating 	UNK
at its best 	UNK
`` white oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a reader 's digest condensed version of the source material . 	UNK
will find little new here 	UNK
form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people 	UNK
fanciful , 	UNK
one-trick pony 	UNK
none of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny 	UNK
predictably melodramatic . 	UNK
soulful and 	UNK
serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , 	UNK
a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set . 	UNK
when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares 	UNK
a solid , psychological action film 	UNK
, is painterly . 	UNK
seems to enjoy its own transparency 	UNK
formula family tearjerker 	UNK
's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale 	UNK
, thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem . 	UNK
time and art 	UNK
the sheer joy and pride 	UNK
beautifully directed and convincingly acted . 	UNK
's already done way too often 	UNK
mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty 	UNK
` alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures . 	UNK
is off-putting , 	UNK
situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle 's carpets . 	UNK
ideal casting 	UNK
silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theater for some time 	UNK
forgot 	UNK
dismiss -- 	UNK
a fine-looking film 	UNK
turns out to be affected and boring 	UNK
fluke 	UNK
alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head . 	UNK
, but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining 	UNK
perfunctory conclusion 	UNK
is perfectly creepy and believable 	UNK
with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart 	UNK
relaxed in its perfect quiet pace 	UNK
reverie 	UNK
proved too difficult 	UNK
it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , 	UNK
've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement 	UNK
sad to say 	UNK
is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction . 	UNK
takes its techniques into such fresh territory 	UNK
plot and paper-thin supporting characters 	UNK
post-war art world 	UNK
dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring . 	UNK
that embraces its old-fashioned themes and 	UNK
a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing 	UNK
insultingly unbelievable 	UNK
a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking 	UNK
a bit of a cheat in the end 	UNK
seem goofy 	UNK
one of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... 	UNK
rusi vulakoro 	UNK
do n't even bother to rent this on video . 	UNK
half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy 	UNK
a miraculous movie , i 'm going home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion . 	UNK
troubling 	UNK
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react . 	UNK
a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone . 	UNK
maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it . 	UNK
( a ) satisfying niblet . 	UNK
characteristically startling visual style and 	UNK
` ace ventura ' rip-off 	UNK
you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week . 	UNK
of obligatory cheap 	UNK
so pertinent and enduring 	UNK
is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide 	UNK
's incredible the number of stories 	UNK
lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers 's title-bout features 	UNK
the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , 	UNK
co-writer/director peter jackson 's expanded vision 	UNK
remove spider-man the movie 	UNK
cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy 	UNK
which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain 	UNK
the film works 	UNK
the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed . 	UNK
intriguing movie experiences 	UNK
the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life 	UNK
a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli/palestinian conflict as 	UNK
from disappointing 	UNK
but enjoyable documentary . 	UNK
is a remarkably original work . 	UNK
while failing to find a spark of its own 	UNK
bartleby squanders as much as it gives out . 	UNK
refined 	UNK
, is a treat . 	UNK
is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout 	UNK
off as annoying rather than charming 	UNK
more self-absorbed women than the mother and 	UNK
fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) . 	UNK
yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma . 	UNK
fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels 	UNK
is n't much fun without the highs and lows 	UNK
is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears 	UNK
was n't enough 	UNK
soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence . 	UNK
's pretty linear and only makeup-deep 	UNK
be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already 	UNK
, a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style . 	UNK
the leanest and meanest of solondz 's misanthropic comedies 	UNK
turn bill paxton into an a-list director 	UNK
the best date movie 	UNK
disgusting . 	UNK
derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded 	UNK
is the superficial way it deals with its story 	UNK
impeccable comic timing , 	UNK
sadly -- 	UNK
then you 're at the right film . 	UNK
its visual delights 	UNK
ayatollah 	UNK
at a failure of our justice system 	UNK
killer website movie 	UNK
of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly 	UNK
michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here 	UNK
disaster flick 	UNK
is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot 	UNK
solid , spooky entertainment 	UNK
piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art 	UNK
very shapable but largely unfulfilling 	UNK
it also has many of the things that made the first one charming . 	UNK
a gloriously goofy way 	UNK
every aggrieved father cliché 	UNK
filled with more holes than clyde barrow 's car . 	UNK
wo n't join the pantheon of great monster/science fiction flicks that we have come to love 	UNK
the film ) works 	UNK
marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 	UNK
sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic 	UNK
, it 's too long and unfocused . 	UNK
own placid way 	UNK
has become one of our best actors 	UNK
the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective 	UNK
a man in pain 	UNK
, cliched and clunky 	UNK
the light-footed enchantment the material needs 	UNK
compliment 	UNK
go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale 	UNK
( toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material 	UNK
immaturity 	UNK
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy 	UNK
the problems 	UNK
is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music 	UNK
privileged moments and memorable performances 	UNK
shows little understanding 	UNK
begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue 	UNK
of pure movie 	UNK
is brilliant , 	UNK
beyond its limit to sustain a laugh 	UNK
never worry about anyone being bored 	UNK
a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin 	UNK
fairly trite 	UNK
orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry 	UNK
it 's fun , but it 's a real howler 	UNK
ignorant 	UNK
is a big letdown 	UNK
recycled more times than i 'd care to count 	UNK
offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes . 	UNK
is about as interesting 	UNK
nearly terminal case 	UNK
overlong documentary 	UNK
a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem . 	UNK
little doubt 	UNK
about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season 	UNK
the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and 	UNK
's nowhere near as good as the original . 	UNK
so-five-minutes-ago pop music 	UNK
unambitious writing 	UNK
, whatever your orientation . 	UNK
of comedic bliss 	UNK
create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption 	UNK
come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace 	UNK
impressive hybrid . 	UNK
lovely 	UNK
... spiced with humor ( ' i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) 	UNK
hide the fact that seagal 's overweight and out of shape 	UNK
all of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but 	UNK
you laugh once ( maybe twice ) 	UNK
maggots crawling on a dead dog 	UNK
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix 	UNK
the artistry of making a film 	UNK
cho 's timing is priceless . 	UNK
much interest 	UNK
more bluster 	UNK
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese . 	UNK
generous and subversive artworks 	UNK
a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours 	UNK
almost as much as they love themselves 	UNK
there 's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title . 	UNK
succeeds mainly 	UNK
evokes a palpable sense of disconnection 	UNK
it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation 	UNK
than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates 	UNK
it 's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence . 	UNK
the astute direction of cardoso 	UNK
sentimentality and annoying 	UNK
winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 	UNK
go around , with music and laughter 	UNK
crisp clarity 	UNK
your ice-t 's from your cool-j 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california 	UNK
it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy 	UNK
the direction of spielberg 	UNK
fascinating , bombshell documentary 	UNK
does best 	UNK
can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed . 	UNK
hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired . 	UNK
the result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis . 	UNK
delightfully charming -- and totally american 	UNK
amnesiac 	UNK
treads heavily 	UNK
a superficial way 	UNK
dumb humor 	UNK
journalistically dubious , 	UNK
better after foster 	UNK
childlike dimness and 	UNK
a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel 	UNK
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards . 	UNK
the familiar topic of office politics 	UNK
's all surface psychodramatics 	UNK
not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick 	UNK
because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies 	UNK
is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side . 	UNK
's not particularly well made 	UNK
directing with a sure and measured hand , ( haneke ) steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology . 	UNK
beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing 	UNK
since freddy got fingered 	UNK
shallow , noisy and pretentious . 	UNK
the viewer 's patience 	UNK
rich promise 	UNK
anarchist maxim 	UNK
is long on 	UNK
two fine actors , morgan freeman and 	UNK
rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material . 	UNK
the leads are natural and lovely 	UNK
hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters 	UNK
once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting 	UNK
that this should seal the deal 	UNK
high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government / marine/legal mystery 	UNK
is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining . 	UNK
an unbalanced mixture 	UNK
, the movie completely transfixes the audience . 	UNK
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film ... it 's not even a tv special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break 	UNK
on top of a foundering performance 	UNK
wasting 	UNK
by the incredibly flexible cast 	UNK
it is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style . 	UNK
fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters 	UNK
make a nice coffee table book 	UNK
ends so horrendously confusing 	UNK
golden book 	UNK
so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true 	UNK
simple-minded and 	UNK
alert , if not 	UNK
is sordid and disgusting 	UNK
the incessant use 	UNK
the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends 	UNK
it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them . 	UNK
nothing about them is attractive . 	UNK
the performers are so spot on 	UNK
its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists . 	UNK
a film less 	UNK
a lovely film for the holiday season 	UNK
the increasingly diverse french director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history . 	UNK
urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration 	UNK
a head-turner -- thoughtfully written 	UNK
the comedy equivalent 	UNK
through with originality , humor and pathos 	UNK
of this unique director 's previous films 	UNK
some outrageously creative action 	UNK
a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly 	UNK
pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons 	UNK
combined with stunning animation 	UNK
cranky 	UNK
become one of our best actors 	UNK
( carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark . 	UNK
every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye 	UNK
the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen 	UNK
unfortunately , kapur modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare . 	UNK
hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation . 	UNK
a nicely understated expression of the grief 	UNK
the relationship between reluctant 	UNK
is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads 	UNK
much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing 	UNK
always entertaining , and smartly written 	UNK
an adoring , wide-smiling reception 	UNK
is authentic 	UNK
i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris . 	UNK
is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes . 	UNK
enough to sit through crap like this 	UNK
a little scattered 	UNK
ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles 	UNK
made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances 	UNK
it 's a ripper of a yarn 	UNK
the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission . 	UNK
in-depth portrait 	UNK
entertaining and suggestive 	UNK
the demons of his own fear and paranoia 	UNK
at the very least 	UNK
intermittently powerful study 	UNK
you 'll enjoy the hot chick . 	UNK
racist portraits 	UNK
creating an intriguing species of artifice 	UNK
by the sea would slip under the waves . 	UNK
i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' 	UNK
has really done his subject justice . 	UNK
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout 	UNK
misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche . 	UNK
not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way . 	UNK
to a t. 	UNK
cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds . 	UNK
male hip hop fantasy 	UNK
becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence 	UNK
bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults 	UNK
a great yarn 	UNK
rooted 	UNK
soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and `` ocean 's eleven , '' 	UNK
's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction 	UNK
sweetness and vulnerability 	UNK
the muckraking , soul-searching spirit 	UNK
, it 's badder than bad . 	UNK
offers a trenchant critique of capitalism 	UNK
well-paced and ultimately 	UNK
stellar performance 	UNK
best disney movie 	UNK
flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism 	UNK
cardboard characters and performers 	UNK
will have fun with 	UNK
this crude , this fast-paced and this insane 	UNK
will eat up like so much gelati 	UNK
especially give credit to affleck . 	UNK
the movie contains no wit , only labored gags . 	UNK
been this disappointed by a movie in a long time 	UNK
inevitable and 	UNK
the cleverest , 	UNK
an interesting bit of speculation 	UNK
feel better already . 	UNK
its leaden acting 	UNK
teen-sleaze equivalent 	UNK
from being a complete waste of time 	UNK
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . '' 	UNK
as the direction is intelligently accomplished 	UNK
but no . . 	UNK
's a pretty woman 	UNK
's low on both suspense and payoff 	UNK
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , 	UNK
good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat 	UNK
fumbles away 	UNK
, overlong soap 	UNK
a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor 	UNK
miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path . 	UNK
to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros 	UNK
seems as deflated as he does 	UNK
dumb gags 	UNK
a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged 	UNK
several strong performances 	UNK
harmless 	UNK
a lot of problems 	UNK
congrats disney 	UNK
the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them . 	UNK
is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story 	UNK
, it 's kinda dumb . 	UNK
reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things 	UNK
in a slap-happy mood 	UNK
a sly female empowerment movie 	UNK
half the excitement of balto 	UNK
updating white 's dry wit to a new age 	UNK
the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams , even though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his . 	UNK
dismiss 	UNK
rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes 	UNK
take the warning literally 	UNK
a thriller 	UNK
particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy 	UNK
energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested . 	UNK
from 	UNK
on no level whatsoever for me 	UNK
consistently funny 	UNK
equally engrossing 	UNK
looks and feels tired 	UNK
a reasonable degree of suspense 	UNK
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film 	UNK
a brief amount 	UNK
a heaven 	UNK
to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption 	UNK
is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless 	UNK
quiet , introspective and entertaining 	UNK
a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds 	UNK
seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , 	UNK
opening up 	UNK
told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings . 	UNK
is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned 	UNK
to stop watching 	UNK
softheaded metaphysical claptrap 	UNK
who paid to see it 	UNK
less than fresh 	UNK
a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light 	UNK
you 'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for 	UNK
rarely , a movie is more than a movie . 	UNK
we 've liked klein 's other work but rollerball left us cold 	UNK
to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original 	UNK
the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles . 	UNK
offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor . 	UNK
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people 	UNK
a seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili . 	UNK
an overly sillified plot and 	UNK
becomes long and tedious 	UNK
are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach . 	UNK
intermittently wise 	UNK
some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , 	UNK
writer and director otar iosseliani 's pleasant tale 	UNK
is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller . 	UNK
is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades . 	UNK
a hilarious ode to middle america 	UNK
the funniest jokes of any movie 	UNK
derailed 	UNK
the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources . 	UNK
animation work 	UNK
i found it weirdly appealing 	UNK
do justice 	UNK
is extremely funny 	UNK
inconsequential road-and-buddy pic 	UNK
that is fully formed and remarkably assured 	UNK
, you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be . 	UNK
peels layers 	UNK
nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego 	UNK
bloody 	UNK
are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely 	UNK
strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short . 	UNK
in tired stereotypes 	UNK
so perfect for a ballplayer 	UNK
wise 	UNK
when the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails 	UNK
imaginary 	UNK
this film has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players 	UNK
flawed humanity 	UNK
ame and unnecessary . 	UNK
watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet 	UNK
is n't just 	UNK
the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped 	UNK
a great writer 	UNK
messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd 	UNK
though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the kissinger should be tried as a war criminal . 	UNK
the chaotic horror 	UNK
the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep . 	UNK
full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s 	UNK
record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse 	UNK
by humanity 's greatest shame 	UNK
plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp . 	UNK
incredibly flexible cast 	UNK
is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade . 	UNK
tanks . 	UNK
corrupt 	UNK
romething 's really wrong with this ricture ! 	UNK
really strong second effort 	UNK
you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness 	UNK
of french cinema 's master craftsmen 	UNK
i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed 	UNK
grinds itself 	UNK
all the way to the credits 	UNK
a winning comedy with its wry observations 	UNK
the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time 	UNK
awarded mythic status 	UNK
tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic , she 's appealingly manic and energetic . 	UNK
, very good 	UNK
fun with it all 	UNK
, thoughtful , unapologetically raw 	UNK
this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable 	UNK
much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice . 	UNK
has performed a difficult task indeed 	UNK
consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay . 	UNK
repetitious 	UNK
a freedom 	UNK
as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller 	UNK
with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at 	UNK
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , 	UNK
powerful and reasonably fulfilling 	UNK
is driven by appealing leads 	UNK
a halfwit plot 	UNK
all too familiar ... 	UNK
in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue 	UNK
a mess from start to finish 	UNK
a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama 	UNK
hide a weak script 	UNK
, dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell . 	UNK
abject 	UNK
the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling 	UNK
decisive 	UNK
adobo 	UNK
they grow up and you can wait till then 	UNK
some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen 	UNK
the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end 	UNK
approach to the workplace romantic comedy . 	UNK
settle for 	UNK
are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ... 	UNK
profits 	UNK
sits there like a side dish no one ordered . 	UNK
breathe out of every frame 	UNK
as a remake , it 's a pale imitation . 	UNK
expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy 	UNK
has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should 	UNK
notable 	UNK
breezy movie 	UNK
the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie . 	UNK
things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content 	UNK
terrifically entertaining 	UNK
charms are immediately apparent 	UNK
a coming-of-age movie that hollywood would n't have the guts to make . 	UNK
robust 	UNK
because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas 	UNK
looks genuinely pretty 	UNK
elegantly appointed 	UNK
's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety 	UNK
fascinating they may be as history 	UNK
winning and wildly fascinating work 	UNK
's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts . 	UNK
a long patch of black ice 	UNK
odd and weird 	UNK
this oscar-nominated documentary 	UNK
too burdened by the actor 	UNK
give the movie points for 	UNK
that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome 	UNK
see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . 	UNK
of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep 	UNK
thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer 	UNK
bloated 	UNK
its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care 	UNK
intelligent and 	UNK
an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- 	UNK
to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment 	UNK
turn on many people to opera 	UNK
ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious . 	UNK
substandard 	UNK
the characters are so generic and 	UNK
director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , 	UNK
eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material 	UNK
a tremendous , offbeat sense 	UNK
with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field 	UNK
the first fatal attraction was vile enough . 	UNK
to be dismissed 	UNK
ridiculous action sequences 	UNK
in a bad-movie way 	UNK
written by somebody else 	UNK
loses its overall sense of mystery 	UNK
mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday 	UNK
of the better video-game-based flicks , 	UNK
real shame 	UNK
often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness 	UNK
its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through 	UNK
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , 	UNK
low-brow 	UNK
is phenomenal , especially the women . 	UNK
whimsical humor 	UNK
that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare 	UNK
positive change 	UNK
obsessive 	UNK
hilariously raunchy as south park 	UNK
lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing 	UNK
new energy 	UNK
is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid 	UNK
would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest . 	UNK
has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots 	UNK
, kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust . 	UNK
even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end 	UNK
oftentimes funny , 	UNK
i do n't know what she 's doing in here 	UNK
great fun 	UNK
the qualities that made the first film so special 	UNK
that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads 	UNK
do a load of good 	UNK
drumline is its energy 	UNK
is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year . 	UNK
well-paced 	UNK
he has something significant to say 	UNK
brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography 	UNK
horribly depressing and 	UNK
ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley 's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay . 	UNK
a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence 	UNK
, steven shainberg 's adaptation of mary gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience . 	UNK
like showgirls and glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional . 	UNK
laugther 	UNK
be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows 	UNK
, this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen . 	UNK
is n't as funny as you 'd hoped . 	UNK
as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner . 	UNK
bitter and less mature 	UNK
it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies 	UNK
suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance 	UNK
the occasional belly laugh 	UNK
shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters 	UNK
spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune 	UNK
while certainly clever in spots 	UNK
to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks 	UNK
gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years 	UNK
evocative 	UNK
i do n't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie . 	UNK
where nothing really happens 	UNK
worthy of our respect 	UNK
successfully 	UNK
has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon 	UNK
advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching 	UNK
between these two marginal characters 	UNK
they so heartwarmingly motivate 	UNK
carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff . 	UNK
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china 	UNK
rising star jake gyllenhaal 	UNK
that suffers because of its many excesses 	UNK
griffiths ' warm and winning central performance 	UNK
he 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does 	UNK
a plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot 	UNK
a truly larger-than-life character 	UNK
action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest 	UNK
o fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and 	UNK
seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , 	UNK
here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior . 	UNK
as pure composition and form -- 	UNK
family 	UNK
formulaic to the 51st power , more like . 	UNK
intelligent jazz-playing exterminator 	UNK
tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries 	UNK
old 	UNK
for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects 	UNK
satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor 	UNK
a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller 	UNK
suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story 	UNK
clarity 	UNK
turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic 	UNK
frightening and compelling 	UNK
the first mistake 	UNK
her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation 	UNK
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab . 	UNK
naughty children 's 	UNK
sophisticated film 	UNK
offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future 	UNK
warm , inviting , and surprising 	UNK
the film 's plot may be shallow , 	UNK
vowing , ` this is going to be something really good 	UNK
with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images 	UNK
out-of-kilter 	UNK
grotesquely 	UNK
mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance 	UNK
are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk . 	UNK
rubber-face routine 	UNK
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... 	UNK
is n't a new idea 	UNK
bad stage dialogue 	UNK
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings 	UNK
picture-perfect 	UNK
precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family . 	UNK
duds 	UNK
wonderfully sprawling soap opera 	UNK
foul substances 	UNK
fairly unsettling scenes 	UNK
of character-driven storytelling 	UNK
beautiful film 	UNK
darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping 	UNK
cheapening 	UNK
of its marks 	UNK
gets sillier , not scarier , 	UNK
examines crane 's decline with unblinking candor . 	UNK
so aggressively cheery that pollyana would reach for a barf bag . 	UNK
uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory 	UNK
would be a total washout 	UNK
foreign culture only 	UNK
impressive images 	UNK
stock plot 	UNK
more irresistibly than in ` baran 	UNK
our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and i know this because i 've seen ` jackass : the movie 	UNK
, tasteless and idiotic 	UNK
the talented cast generally 	UNK
a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles . 	UNK
, ` naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it . 	UNK
to shine 	UNK
a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor 	UNK
you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer 	UNK
live together 	UNK
somewhat less than it might have been 	UNK
crowd pleaser 	UNK
humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention . 	UNK
control-alt-delete 	UNK
of janice beard ( eileen walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant 	UNK
storytellers 	UNK
be spectacularly outrageous 	UNK
's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` my stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ? 	UNK
never finds its tone and several scenes run too long . 	UNK
are served with a hack script 	UNK
appeals to me 	UNK
i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid 	UNK
dogs 	UNK
a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god 	UNK
a young boy 	UNK
moving and vibrant 	UNK
after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series 	UNK
fails on so many levels 	UNK
which become strangely impersonal and abstract 	UNK
disturbance or detached pleasure 	UNK
druggy and self-indulgent , 	UNK
gorgeous pair 	UNK
is oscar-worthy . 	UNK
sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... 	UNK
lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay 	UNK
of misogyny and unprovoked violence 	UNK
, ugly and destructive little **** 	UNK
perfect black pearls 	UNK
is n't 	UNK
a non-stop funny feast of warmth , color and cringe 	UNK
want to check it out 	UNK
in search of a better movie experience 	UNK
unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn 	UNK
takes great pleasure 	UNK
work in concert 	UNK
burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen 	UNK
enough freshness 	UNK
rude and profane 	UNK
's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke . 	UNK
sanitised and 	UNK
levity 	UNK
should dispel it 	UNK
at least three dull plots 	UNK
filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots 	UNK
more predictable than their consequences 	UNK
's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime 	UNK
be found a tough beauty 	UNK
i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere 	UNK
resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project . 	UNK
far more entertaining 	UNK
before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm 	UNK
bland to be interesting 	UNK
certainly was n't feeling any of it 	UNK
if `` lilo & stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years . 	UNK
familiar you might as well be watching a rerun 	UNK
but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence 	UNK
rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout . 	UNK
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , 	UNK
scratch for a lesson in scratching 	UNK
like it was worth your seven bucks 	UNK
is pretty much the same all over 	UNK
the delicious 	UNK
mike shoots and scores 	UNK
the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters 	UNK
very minds 	UNK
non-techies can enjoy 	UNK
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze 	UNK
kosminsky ... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting . 	UNK
in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty 	UNK
should win the band a few new converts , too 	UNK
deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer . 	UNK
no-holds-barred cinematic 	UNK
the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group ... and never fails to entertain . 	UNK
that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love 	UNK
the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough 	UNK
humor and heart and very talented young actors 	UNK
its compelling mix 	UNK
an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep 	UNK
that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow 	UNK
in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way 	UNK
a pleasant enough dish 	UNK
what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky . 	UNK
of one unstable man 	UNK
we delight in the images 	UNK
another gross-out college comedy -- ugh 	UNK
stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little **** . 	UNK
superficially written characters ramble 	UNK
hit on a 15-year old 	UNK
the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged 	UNK
's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek 	UNK
a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 	UNK
will have an intermittently good time 	UNK
in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers 	UNK
is n't much there here . 	UNK
an impressive roster of stars and direction 	UNK
the most beautiful , evocative works 	UNK
smugly 	UNK
rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , jiang wen 's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut . 	UNK
well-directed and 	UNK
a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism 	UNK
possible argentine american beauty reeks 	UNK
grandkids 	UNK
the results are tired 	UNK
bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids 	UNK
good things to offer 	UNK
an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication 	UNK
by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout 	UNK
most deceptively amusing comedies 	UNK
enjoyable 100 	UNK
ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up 	UNK
no earthly reason 	UNK
enough to become comparatively sane and healthy 	UNK
, i 'll buy the soundtrack . 	UNK
the artsy and often pointless visuals 	UNK
had a lot of problems with this movie 	UNK
a real story 	UNK
the most offensive action 	UNK
the emperor 's club any time 	UNK
humankind 's liberating ability 	UNK
high-spirited 	UNK
there are for children and dog lovers 	UNK
enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre . 	UNK
fails as a dystopian movie , 	UNK
respect 	UNK
` anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . ' 	UNK
there is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens . 	UNK
has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome 	UNK
like a non-stop cry for attention 	UNK
uses very little dialogue 	UNK
fluid , no-nonsense authority 	UNK
'll buy the soundtrack . 	UNK
the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times 	UNK
that it was intended to be a different kind of film 	UNK
of the director , frank novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 	UNK
the plot makes no sense 	UNK
there 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery 	UNK
overwhelmingly positive portrayal 	UNK
the pathology it pretends to investigate 	UNK
like the excruciating end of days 	UNK
putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way 	UNK
a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics . 	UNK
a wonderfully speculative character 	UNK
leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject 	UNK
illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller . 	UNK
think it 's in danger of going wrong 	UNK
kids-and-family-oriented 	UNK
a distinct rarity , and an event 	UNK
members of the cultural elite 	UNK
a love affair 	UNK
pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity 	UNK
desire to enjoy good trash every now and then 	UNK
diesel is n't the actor to save it . 	UNK
's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing . 	UNK
what 's missing in murder by numbers 	UNK
for all audiences 	UNK
you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history . 	UNK
it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage 	UNK
of effecting change and inspiring hope 	UNK
with motionless characters 	UNK
complex and quirky , but 	UNK
comfort and familiarity 	UNK
superior cast 	UNK
is tuned in to its community . 	UNK
talking a talk that appeals to me 	UNK
being unique does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke . 	UNK
people who are enthusiastic about something and then 	UNK
succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides . 	UNK
this 90-minute dud 	UNK
is n't worth sitting through 	UNK
passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment 	UNK
like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown 	UNK
of the most entertaining bonds in years 	UNK
puts enough salt 	UNK
the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick 	UNK
there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; 	UNK
that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar 	UNK
get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell 	UNK
as well-written as sexy beast 	UNK
unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party . 	UNK
from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood 	UNK
's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness . 	UNK
a lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone 	UNK
'll love this movie . 	UNK
tear your eyes 	UNK
viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm 's performance 	UNK
enough cool fun 	UNK
as sharp or as fresh 	UNK
a large dose of painkillers 	UNK
of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence 	UNK
can render it anything but laughable . 	UNK
it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd . 	UNK
a crisp psychological drama ( and ) a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` twilight zone '' episode . 	UNK
distracted by the movie 's quick movements 	UNK
worthy of her considerable talents 	UNK
we assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low . 	UNK
morality , family , and social expectation 	UNK
an undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation 	UNK
as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny 	UNK
what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera 	UNK
a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore 	UNK
in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack 	UNK
is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine . 	UNK
, then the film is a pleasant enough dish . 	UNK
the theme with added depth and resonance 	UNK
, skins is heartfelt and achingly real . 	UNK
, haphazard theatrical release 	UNK
degenerates into hogwash 	UNK
rotten in the state of california 	UNK
full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life . 	UNK
without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves 	UNK
embarrassed to be part of 	UNK
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films . 	UNK
makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest 	UNK
it 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , 	UNK
when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger 's sex life , it already has one strike against it . 	UNK
style-free 	UNK
screen with considerable appeal 	UNK
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged . 	UNK
inert sci-fi action thriller . 	UNK
the joyous , turbulent self-discovery 	UNK
you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice . 	UNK
because australia is a weirdly beautiful place 	UNK
fearless 	UNK
that it seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle ' 	UNK
cho 's previous concert comedy film 	UNK
won my heart 	UNK
laugh at how bad 	UNK
the best since the last waltz 	UNK
like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories . 	UNK
sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group . 	UNK
our eyes 	UNK
ca n't recommend it 	UNK
is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september . 	UNK
place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence 	UNK
afterlife 	UNK
rising 	UNK
find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for 	UNK
this movie is to be cherished . 	UNK
emerges a radiant character portrait . 	UNK
... the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable . 	UNK
dogme 	UNK
good-time shenanigans 	UNK
not enough fizz 	UNK
with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes . 	UNK
( `` laissez-passer '' ) 	UNK
is ingenious fun 	UNK
a solid formula for successful animated movies 	UNK
, the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it . 	UNK
the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction 	UNK
) meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot 	UNK
malaise 	UNK
energized 	UNK
wonderous 	UNK
if you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse . 	UNK
seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary . 	UNK
finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice . 	UNK
pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . 	UNK
structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic 	UNK
holiday box office pie 	UNK
the powerful success of read my lips with such provocative material 	UNK
come up with an original idea for a teen movie 	UNK
look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic . 	UNK
for its 100 minutes running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen . 	UNK
like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing 	UNK
that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another 	UNK
does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong 	UNK
is so self-pitying 	UNK
a mesmerizing cinematic poem 	UNK
godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things 	UNK
of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films 	UNK
the bad guys 	UNK
disguise the slack complacency of ( godard 's ) vision 	UNK
a rip-off twice removed 	UNK
creates sheerly cinematic appeal 	UNK
the last metro ) 	UNK
ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors 	UNK
from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also 	UNK
the dialogue is cumbersome , 	UNK
embarrassment and 	UNK
marveled 	UNK
full 	UNK
bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs 	UNK
more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining . 	UNK
in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers 	UNK
pity 	UNK
the worst film 	UNK
captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes . 	UNK
to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 	UNK
its brilliant touches 	UNK
have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit 	UNK
the look and the period trappings right 	UNK
's really just another major league 	UNK
handed down 	UNK
hollywood horror 	UNK
it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven 	UNK
duvall is strong as always . 	UNK
she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , 	UNK
a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , 	UNK
a bit too eager to please . 	UNK
a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship 	UNK
one word that best describes this film : honest 	UNK
ms. shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast . 	UNK
molested 	UNK
stands a good chance of being the big 	UNK
at such a furiously funny pace 	UNK
target practice 	UNK
popcorn thriller 	UNK
astoundingly rich film 	UNK
are certainly 	UNK
is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action . 	UNK
what ( denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned . 	UNK
loosely-connected string 	UNK
tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images 	UNK
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve 	UNK
imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen 	UNK
with an elegance and maturity 	UNK
's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror 	UNK
movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics 	UNK
presented with universal appeal 	UNK
mr. nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity . 	UNK
shame on writer/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull 	UNK
ruthless in its own placid way 	UNK
robin williams , death to smoochy 	UNK
it is japanese and yet feels universal 	UNK
safe conduct is anything but languorous . 	UNK
expressive 	UNK
become strangely impersonal and abstract 	UNK
rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces 	UNK
should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows 	UNK
shining with all the usual spielberg flair 	UNK
has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him 	UNK
that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past 	UNK
of jason x 	UNK
what it is -- a nice , harmless date film 	UNK
far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but 	UNK
the experience worthwhile 	UNK
that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken 	UNK
like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic 	UNK
shows the promise of digital filmmaking 	UNK
amazing 	UNK
to remarkable performances 	UNK
is remarkably dull with only caine 	UNK
romp that 's always fun to watch . 	UNK
so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails 	UNK
time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness . 	UNK
makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering . 	UNK
ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness . 	UNK
in its yearning for the days 	UNK
allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours 	UNK
the characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter . 	UNK
would reach for a barf bag 	UNK
a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film 	UNK
gives gifts to grownups 	UNK
as sexy beast 	UNK
a good and ambitious film 	UNK
dumb drug jokes and 	UNK
pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens 	UNK
value and respect 	UNK
do n't notice the 129-minute running time 	UNK
has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation 	UNK
through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams 	UNK
becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring . 	UNK
as shameful 	UNK
tenderness 	UNK
unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck 	UNK
the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes 	UNK
is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings . 	UNK
seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them 	UNK
of fun 	UNK
sluggish , tonally uneven . 	UNK
can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain 	UNK
sumptuous ocean visuals and 	UNK
drag the movie 	UNK
a smart , romantic drama 	UNK
the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego 	UNK
may fall fast asleep . 	UNK
just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie 	UNK
lousy one 	UNK
pedro 	UNK
the whole thing 's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels . 	UNK
davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships 	UNK
that 's good 	UNK
as bad a film 	UNK
satisfyingly scarifying , fresh 	UNK
, it 's a bargain-basement european pickup . 	UNK
feel cheated 	UNK
he allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . 	UNK
fidel castro 	UNK
a light-hearted way the romantic problems 	UNK
with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley 	UNK
have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc 	UNK
slap her - she 's not funny ! 	UNK
guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep 	UNK
i liked a lot of the smaller scenes . 	UNK
unbelievable 	UNK
failing to find a spark of its own 	UNK
delivers more goodies than lumps of coal . 	UNK
is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure 	UNK
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic 	UNK
obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades . 	UNK
well-told 	UNK
few things more frustrating to a film buff 	UNK
is impressive . 	UNK
filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing 	UNK
waters it down 	UNK
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one . 	UNK
world war ii 	UNK
cliched and contrived 	UNK
so that the human story is pushed to one side 	UNK
's black hawk down with more heart . 	UNK
children 's ' song 	UNK
give a pretty good overall picture of the situation 	UNK
are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces 	UNK
a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be 	UNK
earnest emotional core 	UNK
over-indulgent 	UNK
, his most personal work yet . 	UNK
unlimited access to families and church meetings 	UNK
do better elsewhere 	UNK
refused 	UNK
is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life . 	UNK
great american adventure 	UNK
everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel . 	UNK
terrorist attacks 	UNK
falls flat as a spoof . 	UNK
from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups 	UNK
, this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema 's master craftsmen . 	UNK
the high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and 	UNK
an unexpectedly sweet story of 	UNK
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , and feels more like lyne 's stolid remake of `` lolita '' 	UNK
amicable 	UNK
strangely liberating 	UNK
traditional 	UNK
of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum 	UNK
upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute . 	UNK
the energy humming 	UNK
in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars 	UNK
bluff 	UNK
is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious . 	UNK
surprisingly engrossing 	UNK
to sustain a laugh 	UNK
strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre . 	UNK
very well-written and 	UNK
as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped 	UNK
its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers . 	UNK
as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated . 	UNK
happily 	UNK
australia is a weirdly beautiful place 	UNK
the ingenious construction 	UNK
overwhelming 	UNK
enough charming moments 	UNK
a deficit of flim-flam 	UNK
joke 	UNK
it will warm your heart , 	UNK
in charm 	UNK
discovery and humor 	UNK
to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable 	UNK
baffled the folks in the marketing department 	UNK
particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents 	UNK
are especially fine 	UNK
pervasive 	UNK
the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel 	UNK
idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise 	UNK
cast in impossibly contrived situations 	UNK
the familiar , funny surface 	UNK
fascinate 	UNK
who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior 	UNK
releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them 	UNK
, the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide . 	UNK
possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it . 	UNK
a fullness that does not negate the subject 	UNK
a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre 	UNK
with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies 	UNK
a gamble and last orders are to be embraced 	UNK
this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating . 	UNK
are becoming irritating . 	UNK
one of the worst of the entire franchise 	UNK
a selection of scenes in search of a movie . 	UNK
middle eastern world politics 	UNK
he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way . 	UNK
finn 	UNK
holds the film 	UNK
falls victim 	UNK
this slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon . 	UNK
a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem 	UNK
amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing 	UNK
funny bone 	UNK
weirdly appealing 	UNK
helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure 	UNK
though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head 	UNK
a rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means . 	UNK
deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel . 	UNK
and totally disorientated 	UNK
wildly entertaining 	UNK
creative instincts 	UNK
if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor 	UNK
remarkably accessible and haunting film 	UNK
modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance 	UNK
some good material 	UNK
indulges in the worst elements of all of them 	UNK
it preaches 	UNK
should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it 	UNK
during that final , beautiful scene 	UNK
coming back from stock character camp 	UNK
unfunny wannabe 	UNK
suspense or believable tension 	UNK
humorous and 	UNK
a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films 	UNK
little mermaid 	UNK
both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving 	UNK
sheer dynamism 	UNK
spectator 	UNK
quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer 	UNK
to her inventive director 	UNK
the proper conviction 	UNK
contorting itself into an idea of expectation 	UNK
a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy 	UNK
beautiful food entrée 	UNK
director lee has a true cinematic knack , 	UNK
with first love sweetly 	UNK
runs out of ideas 	UNK
jar-jar binks : the movie 	UNK
favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate . 	UNK
a delightful comedy centering on food 	UNK
is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything 	UNK
i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- 	UNK
to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics 	UNK
of heart and unsettling subject matter 	UNK
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - 	UNK
initially gripping 	UNK
a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary 	UNK
a fat man 's navel 	UNK
to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short 	UNK
an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids 	UNK
been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention 	UNK
's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations . 	UNK
the film 's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of juliette binoche as sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth . 	UNK
man cliché 	UNK
heroes the way julia roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism 	UNK
zany mix 	UNK
raises some worthwhile themes 	UNK
make 105 minutes seem twice as long 	UNK
emerges as a numbingly dull experience . 	UNK
splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us 	UNK
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap 	UNK
smug 	UNK
is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean 	UNK
's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies 	UNK
in a downward narcotized spiral 	UNK
talented thesps 	UNK
class bores 	UNK
there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp 	UNK
parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . 	UNK
holds promise 	UNK
while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , 	UNK
completely creatively stillborn 	UNK
like a great missed opportunity 	UNK
a majestic achievement 	UNK
a film that 's not merely about kicking undead *** 	UNK
all comedy 	UNK
at how much we care about the story 	UNK
the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love . 	UNK
this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 	UNK
truly larger-than-life 	UNK
rather slow 	UNK
since the thrills pop up frequently 	UNK
pulled from a tear-stained vintage shirley temple script 	UNK
by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived . 	UNK
well loved classic 	UNK
a rich tale 	UNK
vague without any of its sense of fun or energy 	UNK
brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing . 	UNK
dramatic substance 	UNK
the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers 	UNK
the french lieutenant 's woman 	UNK
are quite admirable 	UNK
, the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 	UNK
is entertaining on an inferior level 	UNK
both lead performances are oscar-size . 	UNK
are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy 	UNK
's great for the kids 	UNK
this pretty watchable 	UNK
yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie 	UNK
having a hard time believing people were paid to make it 	UNK
visually bland 	UNK
the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience 	UNK
horrors 	UNK
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained . 	UNK
the recording sessions are intriguing , 	UNK
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release . 	UNK
shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral . 	UNK
the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone 	UNK
handled with intelligence and care 	UNK
clare peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence . 	UNK
irritates 	UNK
at its utterly misplaced earnestness 	UNK
at its best 	UNK
made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar 	UNK
so substantial or fresh 	UNK
of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness 	UNK
chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries 	UNK
her subject matter 	UNK
the casting of raymond j. barry as the ` assassin ' greatly enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary . 	UNK
rosenthal ( halloween ii ) seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense . 	UNK
the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo 	UNK
too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes 	UNK
pretentious mess . 	UNK
make it worth watching 	UNK
directs an equally miserable film the following year 	UNK
their lack of chemistry 	UNK
a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone 	UNK
the film 's strength is n't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears . 	UNK
most humane and important holocaust movies 	UNK
to give the film the substance it so desperately needs 	UNK
argues 	UNK
classic 	UNK
the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- 	UNK
features a standout performance 	UNK
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived 	UNK
from one arresting image to another 	UNK
hurt 	UNK
shiner 	UNK
climactic burst 	UNK
a hallmark hall of fame 	UNK
loosely tied series 	UNK
hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby 	UNK
stitch 	UNK
someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia 	UNK
the charm of revolution os 	UNK
a legend 	UNK
even more predictable 	UNK
its heightened , well-shaped dramas 	UNK
sluggish pacing 	UNK
to learn , to grow , 	UNK
the great films 	UNK
in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance 	UNK
you 're in luck . 	UNK
odd but ultimately satisfying 	UNK
, sprightly spin 	UNK
to burn every print of the film 	UNK
a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... 	UNK
it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere . 	UNK
a bad-movie way 	UNK
predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch 	UNK
allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly 	UNK
spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie . 	UNK
a terrible movie , 	UNK
trimmed 	UNK
the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical . 	UNK
the excitement is missing 	UNK
numerous , world-renowned filmmakers 	UNK
first love sweetly 	UNK
legendary 	UNK
the curse of a self-hatred instilled 	UNK
lead performances 	UNK
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' 	UNK
creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical 	UNK
the spotlight 	UNK
misanthropy 	UNK
it 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage . 	UNK
marvelously 	UNK
a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action 	UNK
the movie should win the band a few new converts , too 	UNK
tense 	UNK
the major problem with windtalkers 	UNK
responsible for this illuminating comedy 	UNK
i 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake 	UNK
hollywood program 	UNK
no doubt , it 's the worst movie i 've seen this summer 	UNK
often surprising twists and 	UNK
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and 	UNK
's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence . 	UNK
steve oedekerk is , alas , no woody allen . 	UNK
mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency . 	UNK
are n't so substantial or fresh 	UNK
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue 	UNK
wheedling reluctant witnesses 	UNK
i 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment . 	UNK
this documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( evans ) had , lost , and got back . 	UNK
taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history 	UNK
the ingenuity 	UNK
a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone 	UNK
honest performances and 	UNK
movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly 	UNK
of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle 	UNK
the positives 	UNK
in the broiling sun for a good three days 	UNK
, blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . 	UNK
dimming 	UNK
like brosnan 's performance , evelyn comes from the heart . 	UNK
-- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- 	UNK
has something fascinating to do 	UNK
was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something 	UNK
truth-in-advertising hounds 	UNK
so low 	UNK
fart 	UNK
wild 	UNK
`` red dragon '' is entertaining . 	UNK
12th oscar nomination 	UNK
which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them 	UNK
derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone 	UNK
mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up 	UNK
appalling 	UNK
very stilted in its dialogue 	UNK
too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary 	UNK
a rip-off twice removed , modeled after ( seagal 's ) earlier copycat under siege 	UNK
offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun 	UNK
as easy to be bored by as your abc 's 	UNK
is always watchable . 	UNK
small ... with considerable aplomb 	UNK
creepy atmosphere 	UNK
believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals 	UNK
is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss 	UNK
turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody 	UNK
zero-dimensional , unlikable characters 	UNK
warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people 	UNK
that 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly . '' 	UNK
beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors 	UNK
of the really bad blair witch project 	UNK
furiously 	UNK
a tour de force of modern cinema 	UNK
as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch 	UNK
brilliant touches 	UNK
that most frightening of all movies 	UNK
who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby 	UNK
how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them 	UNK
originality of plot 	UNK
there is plenty of room for editing , 	UNK
would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is 	UNK
is even lazier and far less enjoyable . 	UNK
the setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions . 	UNK
be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild 	UNK
a special kind 	UNK
would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic 	UNK
a cesspool 	UNK
the all-time great apocalypse movies 	UNK
for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , 	UNK
a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome . 	UNK
ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls 	UNK
a moving story of determination and the human spirit 	UNK
to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots 	UNK
in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end 	UNK
contrived , unmotivated , 	UNK
some very good comedic songs , 	UNK
sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching 	UNK
that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame 	UNK
problematic characters 	UNK
into an urban hades 	UNK
good action , good acting , 	UNK
farcically 	UNK
to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food 	UNK
love it , 	UNK
deserves a chance to shine 	UNK
its proper home 	UNK
a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long 	UNK
me a lot of memento 	UNK
plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision . 	UNK
a lower i.q. 	UNK
it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band . 	UNK
as aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four . 	UNK
the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery . 	UNK
comes off as insultingly simplistic 	UNK
neat 	UNK
above the level of an after-school tv special 	UNK
a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective 	UNK
a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors 	UNK
captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could 	UNK
fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor 	UNK
of the best of a growing strain of daring films 	UNK
distanced us from the characters . 	UNK
refreshing to see a romance this smart 	UNK
shows moments of promise but 	UNK
the romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be . 	UNK
urbane sweetness 	UNK
manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life 	UNK
and refined piece 	UNK
is consistently amusing and engrossing 	UNK
a joint promotion 	UNK
something else altogether -- clownish and 	UNK
and damaged dreams 	UNK
touching and funny 	UNK
( tries ) to parody 	UNK
than a stifling morality tale 	UNK
, revolting 	UNK
this quirky soccer import is forgettable 	UNK
you instantly know whodunit 	UNK
you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles 	UNK
of an ignored people 	UNK
and thought-provoking film 	UNK
the film is well-intentioned 	UNK
on the cinematic front 	UNK
a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc 	UNK
far-flung , illogical , 	UNK
four-star movie 	UNK
everything else about the film tanks . 	UNK
funny and wise 	UNK
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , 	UNK
adventurous indian filmmakers 	UNK
stylish but steady , 	UNK
has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made . 	UNK
the quirky and recessive charms of co-stars martin donovan and mary-louise parker 	UNK
, the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities . 	UNK
accomplished actress 	UNK
most accomplished work 	UNK
saves it ... and makes it 	UNK
that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world 	UNK
confused 	UNK
's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny 	UNK
lot to recommend read my lips 	UNK
the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play 	UNK
have been astronomically bad 	UNK
is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , 	UNK
by then , your senses are as mushy as peas 	UNK
it hates its characters . 	UNK
this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half . 	UNK
difficult to fathom 	UNK
the adventure does n't contain half the excitement of balto , or quarter the fun of toy story 2 . 	UNK
comedy and 	UNK
genuine quirkiness 	UNK
came up with a treasure chest of material 	UNK
dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , 	UNK
... stylistically , the movie is a disaster . 	UNK
its demented premise 	UNK
an articulate , grown-up voice 	UNK
alive and 	UNK
whether or not 	UNK
dour 	UNK
the best story 	UNK
carries you along 	UNK
put away the guitar , sell the amp , 	UNK
about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore 	UNK
with a twisted sense of humor 	UNK
the movie 's progression 	UNK
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written 	UNK
explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere 	UNK
, this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids . 	UNK
the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia 	UNK
tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history 	UNK
played for maximum moisture 	UNK
has several strong performances 	UNK
misconceived final 5 	UNK
the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing . 	UNK
a weird and wonderful comedy 	UNK
strands his superb performers in the same old story 	UNK
is n't quite enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other 	UNK
a mere plot pawn 	UNK
powerful young actor 	UNK
dark , gritty , sometimes funny 	UNK
it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet 	UNK
term epic cinema 	UNK
if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; 	UNK
the lack of linearity 	UNK
the new film of anton chekhov 's the cherry orchard 	UNK
tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation 	UNK
short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil . 	UNK
they see the joy the characters take in this creed 	UNK
natural affability 	UNK
surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players 	UNK
one never overwhelms the other 	UNK
the upscale lifestyle 	UNK
cannon 's confidence 	UNK
sharp 	UNK
all those famous moments 	UNK
their parents , wise folks that they are 	UNK
overtly disagreeable 	UNK
is nothing short of refreshing 	UNK
who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely 	UNK
the wonder of mostly martha 	UNK
despite its promising cast of characters , big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . ' 	UNK
a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator 	UNK
provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride 	UNK
become a spielberg trademark 	UNK
harsh conceptual exercise 	UNK
applying definition to both sides of the man 	UNK
the movie 's charm 	UNK
does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendor that can be seen in other films 	UNK
intelligence and subtlety 	UNK
a film 's title served such dire warning 	UNK
attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident 	UNK
is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces . 	UNK
a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder 	UNK
are still looking for a common through-line 	UNK
the film is essentially juiceless . 	UNK
you 're an elvis person 	UNK
populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life 	UNK
eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants . 	UNK
it made me feel unclean 	UNK
so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , 	UNK
bogging down 	UNK
's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight 	UNK
ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie 	UNK
you 're far better served by the source material . 	UNK
sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments 	UNK
he 's been in years 	UNK
while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision 	UNK
, it is twice as bestial but half as funny . 	UNK
the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul . 	UNK
great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting 	UNK
what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish . 	UNK
's not a great monster movie . 	UNK
triumph over a scrooge or two 	UNK
's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness 	UNK
an encouraging effort from mccrudden 	UNK
believe it or 	UNK
fresh and absorbing 	UNK
a funny yet dark and 	UNK
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences 	UNK
during sunset 	UNK
yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but 	UNK
the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , 	UNK
a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace 	UNK
of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach 	UNK
will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them . 	UNK
what he 's already done way too often 	UNK
come to believe that nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals 	UNK
goofy , nutty , consistently funny . 	UNK
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , 	UNK
by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again 	UNK
cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects 	UNK
morally bankrupt 	UNK
easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story 	UNK
to being very funny 	UNK
are as timely as tomorrow 	UNK
to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick 	UNK
pure 	UNK
the low-grade cheese standards 	UNK
a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey 	UNK
is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture . 	UNK
`` serious issues '' 	UNK
is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists 	UNK
more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn 	UNK
director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime 's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks . 	UNK
would do better elsewhere 	UNK
posey 	UNK
this junk 	UNK
a nice little story 	UNK
skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience . 	UNK
frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy 	UNK
revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway . 	UNK
a bittersweet contemporary comedy 	UNK
the comic effects of jealousy 	UNK
the powerful success 	UNK
merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press 	UNK
very sincere 	UNK
lack contrast , are murky 	UNK
funny film . 	UNK
just die already 	UNK
superficial midlife crisis 	UNK
as delightful 	UNK
achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture 	UNK
that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling 	UNK
watchable stuff . 	UNK
looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . 	UNK
as gripping 	UNK
the movie 's success 	UNK
monsoon wedding 	UNK
, davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air 	UNK
girl entry 	UNK
cliche-ridden 	UNK
fathom 	UNK
kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story . 	UNK
a mediocre movie trying to get out 	UNK
that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton 	UNK
as if it were an obligation 	UNK
creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- 	UNK
we never really get inside of them . 	UNK
smarter offerings 	UNK
is enough originality in ` life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens 	UNK
succeeded only in making me groggy . 	UNK
you 'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids . 	UNK
under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name 	UNK
this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight 	UNK
with great sympathy and intelligence 	UNK
in such a gloriously goofy way 	UNK
are really surprising 	UNK
an addictive guilty pleasure 	UNK
upper teens may get cynical . 	UNK
is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious . 	UNK
deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy 	UNK
to the climactic burst of violence 	UNK
a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department 	UNK
pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde 	UNK
little narrative momentum 	UNK
cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump 	UNK
the film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture . 	UNK
not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream 	UNK
into one good one 	UNK
sometimes funny 	UNK
of relentlessly nasty situations 	UNK
real characters 	UNK
deserves a look 	UNK
an extraordinary 	UNK
that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming 	UNK
it makes me feel weird / thinking about all the bad things in the world / like puppies with broken legs / and butterflies that die / and movies starring pop queens 	UNK
drag audience enthusiasm 	UNK
obscenely 	UNK
a terrible story 	UNK
a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers 	UNK
rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except 	UNK
airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe 	UNK
, the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor 	UNK
deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context 	UNK
be profane 	UNK
achieves the near-impossible 	UNK
some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights 	UNK
a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour . 	UNK
has not a trace of humanity or empathy 	UNK
stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why 	UNK
more balanced or fair portrayal 	UNK
from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , 	UNK
it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did i miss something ? '' 	UNK
far less enjoyable 	UNK
beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people . 	UNK
imax sound system 	UNK
any flaws that come later 	UNK
this date-night diversion 	UNK
- style cross-country adventure ... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack . 	UNK
touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable 	UNK
is one reason it 's so lackluster . 	UNK
can not be revived . 	UNK
artificial suspense 	UNK
is the score , as in the songs translate well to film 	UNK
a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix 's 	UNK
are what makes it worth the trip to the theater 	UNK
nothing about crime 	UNK
it can comfortably hold 	UNK
is strictly routine . 	UNK
has a tired , talky feel 	UNK
futility 	UNK
affected and boring 	UNK
a hollywood film 	UNK
relegated to a dark video store corner 	UNK
piercingly affecting 	UNK
of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film 	UNK
the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake . 	UNK
hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with bullock 's memorable first interrogation of gosling . 	UNK
is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood 	UNK
an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting 	UNK
refuses 	UNK
eccentric , accident-prone characters 	UNK
about one of cinema 's directorial giants 	UNK
told with an appropriate minimum of means . 	UNK
such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end 	UNK
debut effort by `` project greenlight '' winner is sappy and amateurish . 	UNK
warm . 	UNK
can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work 	UNK
one ca n't deny its seriousness and quality . 	UNK
more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo 	UNK
of new york locales and sharp writing 	UNK
steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty 	UNK
set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine 	UNK
the good fight 	UNK
fare with real thematic heft . 	UNK
the audience award 	UNK
is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , 	UNK
grim future 	UNK
an mtv , sugar hysteria , and 	UNK
, remarkably unpretentious 	UNK
it 's too long and unfocused . 	UNK
most virtuous 	UNK
for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem 	UNK
clare peploe 's airless movie adaptation 	UNK
drop everything and run to ichi 	UNK
quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it 	UNK
can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material 	UNK
ultimately , sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness . 	UNK
to a new scene , which also appears to be the end 	UNK
contrived and secondhand 	UNK
a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment . 	UNK
stages his gags 	UNK
viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure . 	UNK
this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach ` ke burstein and his family 	UNK
'm guessing the director is a magician . 	UNK
combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions 	UNK
imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb 	UNK
ultimately vapid 	UNK
for every articulate player , such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence . 	UNK
old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion 	UNK
must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . 	UNK
to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor 	UNK
balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy 	UNK
it should be poignant 	UNK
it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison 	UNK
infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart . 	UNK
crossroads comes up shorter than britney 's cutoffs . 	UNK
an endless trailer 	UNK
the dreadfulness 	UNK
modestly 	UNK
turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema 	UNK
it 's a long way from orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , 	UNK
the growing , moldering pile 	UNK
the title , many can aspire but none can equal 	UNK
the dullest science fiction 	UNK
salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation 	UNK
, from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner 	UNK
re-imagining of beauty and 	UNK
the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work 	UNK
lousy tarantino imitations 	UNK
that rare combination 	UNK
, and intelligence 	UNK
it 's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor . 	UNK
in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period 	UNK
a well-put-together piece of urban satire . 	UNK
highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it . 	UNK
keep you wide awake and ... very tense 	UNK
has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else . 	UNK
sugar-coated rocky 	UNK
the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . 	UNK
for laughs 	UNK
see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale 	UNK
in freshening the play 	UNK
to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads 	UNK
it 's great cinematic polemic 	UNK
an often intense character study 	UNK
more contemptuous of the single female population 	UNK
a very capable nailbiter . 	UNK
of warmth 	UNK
like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community . 	UNK
dozens of bad guys 	UNK
the upbeat ending feels like a copout 	UNK
can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood is n't going to jell 	UNK
is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer 	UNK
handled well 	UNK
sick society 	UNK
the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue 	UNK
histrionic 	UNK
overworked 	UNK
of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing 	UNK
lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense 	UNK
's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax 	UNK
blockbuster 	UNK
most haunting about `` fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen . 	UNK
the brutality 	UNK
's pauly shore awful . 	UNK
those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart 	UNK
's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones 	UNK
that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography 	UNK
a painful lie 	UNK
just right 	UNK
coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro 	UNK
it is effective 	UNK
are still unconcerned about what they ingest 	UNK
in grand passion 	UNK
as averse as i usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies , this one got to me . 	UNK
a sure hand 	UNK
that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence 	UNK
brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade 	UNK
purdy 	UNK
captivating and intimate study 	UNK
going to make his debut as a film director 	UNK
with enough action 	UNK
charming and evoking little ditty 	UNK
does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us 	UNK
's kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers 	UNK
anachronistic quick edits and 	UNK
laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in 	UNK
complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out 	UNK
these guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers . 	UNK
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and 	UNK
makes it attractive throughout 	UNK
like a promising work-in-progress 	UNK
most breezy movie steven spielberg 	UNK
intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries 	UNK
rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks 	UNK
is never lethargic 	UNK
( lin chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional 	UNK
none can equal 	UNK
confuses its message 	UNK
predictably efficient piece 	UNK
equally impressive 	UNK
assurance 	UNK
expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show 	UNK
wedgie 	UNK
most humane and important holocaust movies ever made . 	UNK
an incredibly narrow in-joke 	UNK
enjoy yourselves 	UNK
with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties 	UNK
to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house 	UNK
it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 	UNK
than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap 	UNK
, lushly photographed and beautifully recorded . 	UNK
the awe in which it holds itself 	UNK
to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved . 	UNK
first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' 	UNK
a journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes holly and marina tick , 	UNK
this much imagination 	UNK
brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness 	UNK
of the acting breed 	UNK
does n't quite get there 	UNK
'm convinced i could keep a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation better than these british soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking . 	UNK
helmer 	UNK
infectious enthusiasm 	UNK
terminally bland 	UNK
's about issues most adults have to face in marriage 	UNK
than much of what 's on saturday morning tv especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand 	UNK
dramatic , funny and poignant 	UNK
divine monument 	UNK
this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar . 	UNK
as a durable part of the movie landscape 	UNK
peppered with false starts and 	UNK
by talented writer/director anderson 	UNK
accomplished 	UNK
knockaround 	UNK
the movie 's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story . 	UNK
rely on an ambiguous presentation 	UNK
's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own 	UNK
though a morbid one 	UNK
nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore 	UNK
he has a great cast and a great idea . 	UNK
all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost . 	UNK
laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment 	UNK
life affirming and heartbreaking 	UNK
burn the negative and the script 	UNK
to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness 	UNK
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags . 	UNK
so slick and 	UNK
is remembering 	UNK
stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish . 	UNK
suspense , intriguing characters 	UNK
thought was going to be really awful 	UNK
bouncy 	UNK
wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why 	UNK
the plan to make enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong . 	UNK
although it tries to be much more , it 's really just another major league . 	UNK
a social injustice , at least 	UNK
if you love reading and/or poetry , then by all means check it out . 	UNK
if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material . 	UNK
there 's an admirable rigor to jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but 	UNK
taken quite a nosedive from alfred hitchcock 's imaginative flight to shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff 	UNK
serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm 	UNK
to be something of a sitcom apparatus 	UNK
than a worthwhile effort 	UNK
you could hate it for the same reason . 	UNK
just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite . 	UNK
broken character study 	UNK
seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell 	UNK
clever makeup design 	UNK
a creative urge 	UNK
muddled and 	UNK
this movie has the usual impossible stunts ... 	UNK
killing time 	UNK
a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor 	UNK
another entertaining 	UNK
escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars 	UNK
like i already mentioned ... it 's robert duvall ! 	UNK
inept , tedious 	UNK
his strongest performance 	UNK
a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount 	UNK
more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable 	UNK
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles 	UNK
crafted picture 	UNK
, intelligent , and humanly funny film . 	UNK
class resentment 	UNK
's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties . 	UNK
there 's plenty to impress about e.t. 	UNK
as the dominant christine , sylvie testud is icily brilliant . 	UNK
the charm of the first movie is still there , 	UNK
to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s 	UNK
is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance . 	UNK
hideously and 	UNK
witty and 	UNK
refreshingly 	UNK
guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it 's not scary in the slightest . 	UNK
both exuberantly 	UNK
a delicate ambiguity 	UNK
an old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale 	UNK
it 's a rock-solid little genre picture 	UNK
what saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera 's attention to detail . 	UNK
one lousy movie 	UNK
that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace 	UNK
make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not 	UNK
cheap-shot 	UNK
's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything 	UNK
spicy footnote 	UNK
the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention 	UNK
astonishingly vivid 	UNK
particular , anciently demanding métier 	UNK
sticky and unsatisfied 	UNK
whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone 	UNK
, worse 	UNK
the rollicking dark humor 	UNK
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : 	UNK
sick character 	UNK
every bit as fascinating 	UNK
i realized the harsh reality of my situation 	UNK
so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny 	UNK
of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues 	UNK
are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief . 	UNK
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and 	UNK
, not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing . 	UNK
nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album 	UNK
all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh 	UNK
harps on media-constructed ` issues ' 	UNK
it 's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen . 	UNK
has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence 	UNK
the actors are simply too good , and 	UNK
stains 	UNK
flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong 	UNK
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat . 	UNK
effecting change 	UNK
a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted 	UNK
rich visual clarity and deeply 	UNK
have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart . 	UNK
indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions . 	UNK
, why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ? 	UNK
such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me 	UNK
no clue 	UNK
, it ultimately comes off as a pale successor . 	UNK
the movie turns out to be ( assayas ' ) homage to the gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness . 	UNK
you doze off thirty minutes into the film 	UNK
a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone 	UNK
little visible talent and no energy 	UNK
to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face 	UNK
hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and 	UNK
is pretty damned funny 	UNK
runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem 	UNK
action laudable 	UNK
if only it were , well , funnier . 	UNK
the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , 	UNK
cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	UNK
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson 	UNK
moving and stark 	UNK
is certainly easy to watch 	UNK
exceptionally good idea 	UNK
'' is a big time stinker . 	UNK
an impressive achievement 	UNK
thumbs down . 	UNK
seasonal holiday kids 	UNK
teasing 	UNK
fun with the quirks of family life 	UNK
such self-amused trash 	UNK
mixed-up 	UNK
ballistic : 	UNK
succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them 	UNK
this chiaroscuro of madness and light 	UNK
a wonderful subject for the camera 	UNK
written , flatly , by david kendall and directed , barely , by there 	UNK
of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick 	UNK
foul up shum 's good intentions . 	UNK
doltish and 	UNK
directed , barely 	UNK
an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people 	UNK
the thing about guys like evans is this : you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins . 	UNK
going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal 	UNK
like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' 	UNK
upbeat 	UNK
berry 's saucy 	UNK
makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison 	UNK
can be safely recommended as a video/dvd babysitter . 	UNK
an achingly enthralling premise , the film 	UNK
i 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and 	UNK
is always watchable 	UNK
lowered your entertainment standards 	UNK
imagination 	UNK
the tragedy beneath it 	UNK
can feel the love 	UNK
good action 	UNK
barf 	UNK
much like its easily dismissive 	UNK
too many characters saying too many clever things and 	UNK
this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music 	UNK
well told . 	UNK
jfk conspiracy nuts 	UNK
filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo 	UNK
has little insight into the historical period and its artists 	UNK
family togetherness 	UNK
with grace and humor and gradually 	UNK
the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers . 	UNK
survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller 	UNK
the idiocy of its last frames 	UNK
the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting 	UNK
sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama 	UNK
demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were 	UNK
for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time 	UNK
unforgivingly inconsistent 	UNK
is n't as sharp as the original 	UNK
an uneasy mix 	UNK
a convincing brogue 	UNK
, slow scenes 	UNK
a touching , sophisticated film 	UNK
purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons . 	UNK
give committed performances 	UNK
poetry 	UNK
hits all the verbal marks it should 	UNK
an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed . 	UNK
no means a slam-dunk and 	UNK
a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell . 	UNK
genuinely sweet 	UNK
become very involved 	UNK
ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth . 	UNK
an architect of pop culture 	UNK
with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability 	UNK
broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , 	UNK
something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics 	UNK
conceit 	UNK
stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music 	UNK
a testament to the film 's considerable charm 	UNK
brutally labored and unfunny hokum 	UNK
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place 	UNK
with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived 	UNK
though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but languorous . 	UNK
to like any of these despicable characters 	UNK
touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy 	UNK
so true and heartbreaking 	UNK
son of the bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . '' 	UNK
a well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity . 	UNK
a strangely tempting bouquet 	UNK
, accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill 	UNK
about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams 	UNK
's fairly lame 	UNK
wildly popular 	UNK
being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something 	UNK
the stars 	UNK
author 's 	UNK
much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes 	UNK
suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length . 	UNK
sweet gentle jesus 	UNK
its lavish formalism 	UNK
strangely believable 	UNK
scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation . 	UNK
visual virtuosity 	UNK
, see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion . 	UNK
the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller 	UNK
an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and 	UNK
terribly 	UNK
is the director 's talent . 	UNK
a catastrophic collision 	UNK
that gives pic its title an afterthought 	UNK
thanks largely 	UNK
is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride . 	UNK
that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days 	UNK
his subject justice 	UNK
brain strain 	UNK
an oscar nomination 	UNK
her inventive director 	UNK
a few nice twists in a standard plot and 	UNK
amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and 	UNK
humanistic 	UNK
with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around 	UNK
the film works in spite of it 	UNK
to be a boy truly in love with a girl 	UNK
comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy 	UNK
sillier , cuter , 	UNK
can not be revived 	UNK
as pretty contagious fun 	UNK
guilt 	UNK
in its lack of poetic frissons 	UNK
screaming but yawning 	UNK
unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow 	UNK
plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line . 	UNK
a pleasant and engaging enough sit , 	UNK
probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent 	UNK
foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill . 	UNK
masterly 	UNK
the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , 	UNK
loses himself to the film 's circular structure 	UNK
with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations 	UNK
unfocused 	UNK
an auspicious feature debut 	UNK
as original and insightful as last week 's episode of behind the music . 	UNK
a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes 	UNK
like this movie 	UNK
this stylish film 	UNK
an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground 	UNK
's horribly wrong 	UNK
a historically significant , and personal , episode 	UNK
are committed 	UNK
a dull , somnambulant exercise 	UNK
reward 	UNK
rare treat 	UNK
developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else 	UNK
werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken 	UNK
with verve 	UNK
with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids 	UNK
fanciful 	UNK
an unflinching , 	UNK
is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge 	UNK
sensitive story 	UNK
a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans . 	UNK
bleak 	UNK
other words , about as bad a film 	UNK
a true star 	UNK
's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread . 	UNK
the integrity and vision 	UNK
little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon 	UNK
may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made . 	UNK
baffled by jason x. 	UNK
philosophical void 	UNK
an exercise in chilling style , 	UNK
actually makes the heart soar 	UNK
normally , rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable 	UNK
talky 	UNK
like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor 	UNK
no psychology 	UNK
meandering , low on energy 	UNK
's only in fairy tales 	UNK
vivid personality 	UNK
in addition to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday . 	UNK
to be oblivious to the existence of this film 	UNK
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch . 	UNK
a true pleasure . 	UNK
's something vital about the movie 	UNK
touching , raucously amusing 	UNK
the worst films of the summer 	UNK
pat , fairy-tale conclusion 	UNK
a grating , emaciated flick . 	UNK
among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations . 	UNK
lose their luster when flattened onscreen . 	UNK
the picture 's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed . 	UNK
charming and witty 	UNK
simply ca n't recommend it enough . 	UNK
buried at the heart of his story 	UNK
through torture 	UNK
that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that 	UNK
'' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home 	UNK
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks 	UNK
but oddly compelling 	UNK
sophisticated and unsentimental treatment 	UNK
portrays their cartoon counterparts well 	UNK
... a solid , unassuming drama . 	UNK
a visual delight 	UNK
's a heck of a ride 	UNK
standard formula 	UNK
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other 	UNK
's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something 	UNK
to have been lost in the translation this time 	UNK
is simply brilliant . 	UNK
gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers 	UNK
engaging enough 	UNK
second-rate 	UNK
a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding 	UNK
of the great films about movie love 	UNK
pale 	UNK
ranks with the best of herzog 's works 	UNK
an inelegant combination 	UNK
harrowing account 	UNK
this is going to be something really good 	UNK
substandard performances 	UNK
the movie is amateurish , 	UNK
to the awfulness of the movie 	UNK
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here 	UNK
sappy dialogue 	UNK
's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits 	UNK
his surprising discovery of love and humility 	UNK
such an engrossing story 	UNK
have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster 	UNK
flatter it 	UNK
triple x marks the spot . 	UNK
put on an intoxicating show 	UNK
one 's appetite for the bollywood films 	UNK
a domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic 	UNK
most offensive thing 	UNK
... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences . 	UNK
the film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed . 	UNK
is by far the worst movie of the year . 	UNK
repellantly out of control 	UNK
as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted . 	UNK
go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans 	UNK
tremble without losing his machismo 	UNK
but it 's hardly a necessary enterprise . 	UNK
by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms. mirren , who did ) 	UNK
be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance 	UNK
return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but 	UNK
their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners 	UNK
skip it 	UNK
's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest . 	UNK
, big trouble could be considered a funny little film . 	UNK
cell phones , guns , and 	UNK
undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation 	UNK
the wasted potential 	UNK
are uniformly good . 	UNK
about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses 	UNK
becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are . 	UNK
none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1/2 weeks '' , or 	UNK
to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish 	UNK
steers refreshingly clear 	UNK
in the film 's verbal pokes 	UNK
cliches and pat storytelling 	UNK
tics 	UNK
be sorry 	UNK
defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks 	UNK
an overexposed waste 	UNK
a satisfying evening 	UNK
's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter 	UNK
an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances 	UNK
that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life 	UNK
a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship 	UNK
unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory . 	UNK
new 	UNK
curse 	UNK
completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art 	UNK
haphazard theatrical release 	UNK
destined to be the 21st century 's new `` conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than arnold schwarzenegger , jean-claud van damme or steven segal 	UNK
, the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself . 	UNK
garcía bernal and talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out 	UNK
clichés and sneering humor 	UNK
that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects 	UNK
the junk-calorie suspense tropes 	UNK
transcend its genre 	UNK
entertainment that parents love to have their kids 	UNK
mr. soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious . 	UNK
has no real point 	UNK
they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting 	UNK
, we never really get inside of them . 	UNK
witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy . 	UNK
seems so real 	UNK
to easy jokes and insults 	UNK
reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama 	UNK
a fresh and absorbing look 	UNK
of jaglom 's own profession 	UNK
it makes up for with its heart . 	UNK
dumb 	UNK
cliched to hardened indie-heads 	UNK
of ` should have been a sketch on saturday night live 	UNK
is a success in some sense 	UNK
it 's easy to love robin tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- 	UNK
has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew 	UNK
miss congeniality 	UNK
it 's at least watchable 	UNK
'll end up moved 	UNK
fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution 	UNK
in his latest effort , storytelling , solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good 	UNK
shrek 	UNK
more confused , 	UNK
dominated 	UNK
a low rate annie 	UNK
insufficiently 	UNK
goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures 	UNK
is a magician 	UNK
wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago 	UNK
the perkiness 	UNK
a wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films . 	UNK
it will be well worth your time . 	UNK
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful 	UNK
the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material 	UNK
enlightening , insightful and entertaining 	UNK
like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow 	UNK
spent elsewhere 	UNK
please the eye 	UNK
a complex story 	UNK
awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals 	UNK
escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions 	UNK
disservice 	UNK
's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span 	UNK
celluloid garbage 	UNK
this tepid genre offering 	UNK
nothing wrong with performances here 	UNK
strong finish 	UNK
i 've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ... 	UNK
soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way . 	UNK
delightfully against the grain 	UNK
insultingly 	UNK
, the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady 's direction is prosaic . 	UNK
i love the robust middle of this picture . 	UNK
hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script . 	UNK
disappointingly thin 	UNK
bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . 	UNK
other , better crime movies 	UNK
we ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . 	UNK
succeeded in 	UNK
genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental 	UNK
capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's 	UNK
it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels 	UNK
a perfectly entertaining summer diversion 	UNK
swallow than julie taymor 's preposterous titus 	UNK
can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history 	UNK
moving and solidly entertaining comedy/drama 	UNK
affection 	UNK
from the people laughing in the crowd 	UNK
between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism . 	UNK
a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness 	UNK
the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes 	UNK
make ` cherish ' a very good ( but not great ) movie . 	UNK
frank capra played this story straight . 	UNK
as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism 	UNK
boldly stroked , luridly colored , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain . 	UNK
a moving and important film 	UNK
then becomes unwatchable 	UNK
immersive 	UNK
about discovering your destination in life 	UNK
slow scenes 	UNK
how bad his movie is 	UNK
the film 's story does not live up to its style 	UNK
has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes . 	UNK
it might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard french film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience . 	UNK
delectable 	UNK
there 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present . 	UNK
does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country 	UNK
so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament 	UNK
the only winner 	UNK
gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut 	UNK
a paunchy midsection , 	UNK
` yes , that 's right : it 's forrest gump , angel of death . ' 	UNK
of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 	UNK
an uncomfortable experience , 	UNK
almost unbearably morbid 	UNK
may really need the company of others 	UNK
a vivid , sometimes surreal , 	UNK
grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration 	UNK
best story 	UNK
entirely wholesome 	UNK
the viewer wide-awake all the way through 	UNK
an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era 	UNK
is well done 	UNK
needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us 	UNK
this flat run 	UNK
'll forget about it by monday , though 	UNK
the story is lacking any real emotional impact 	UNK
a third-person story now , told by hollywood , and much more ordinary for it 	UNK
's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue . 	UNK
made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half 	UNK
precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen 	UNK
the movie 's rude and crude humor 	UNK
vivid 	UNK
beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay 	UNK
is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema 	UNK
a perfectly rendered period piece 	UNK
thriller as lazy 	UNK
, slow and dreary 	UNK
the film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil . 	UNK
i loved this film . 	UNK
is funny 	UNK
to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic 	UNK
one of a really solid woody allen film 	UNK
faithful 	UNK
the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense 	UNK
soulless techno-tripe . 	UNK
in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis 	UNK
in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused . 	UNK
the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan 	UNK
`` shakes the clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance 	UNK
the magnificent swooping aerial shots 	UNK
it 's not particularly well made , but 	UNK
is never especially clever and often 	UNK
enough moments to keep it entertaining 	UNK
for the whole family 	UNK
halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles . 	UNK
to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness 	UNK
a genuine dramatic impact 	UNK
deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world . 	UNK
'll see a better thriller this year 	UNK
villains 	UNK
to the concession stand and/or restroom 	UNK
's appealingly manic and energetic . 	UNK
wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title . 	UNK
rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year 	UNK
something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects 	UNK
an interesting topic , some intriguing characters 	UNK
a psychological mystery 	UNK
most opaque , self-indulgent 	UNK
is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script . 	UNK
to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance 	UNK
loud , chaotic and 	UNK
by a strong and unforced supporting cast 	UNK
the director 's experiment is a successful one . 	UNK
the worst movie i 've seen this summer 	UNK
hopkins 	UNK
is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience 	UNK
staged violence overshadows everything 	UNK
with a sweet 	UNK
lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating 	UNK
make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic 	UNK
the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material . 	UNK
illustrates 	UNK
fully developed story 	UNK
is too impressed with its own solemn insights 	UNK
subtlest works 	UNK
a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies 	UNK
butterfingered 	UNK
a negligible british comedy . 	UNK
about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 	UNK
's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller 	UNK
their noble endeavor 	UNK
swimfan does catch on 	UNK
randall wallace 	UNK
of the most curiously depressing 	UNK
the film 's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations . 	UNK
twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , clint eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him . 	UNK
a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why 	UNK
incredibly irritating comedy 	UNK
and mainly unfunny 	UNK
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , 	UNK
it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy . 	UNK
the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie 	UNK
when she should be building suspense 	UNK
confidence 	UNK
gets old quickly . 	UNK
pass this stinker off as a scary movie 	UNK
emotionally stirring 	UNK
, possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it . 	UNK
in boredom 	UNK
the movie makes two hours feel like four . 	UNK
appealing enough 	UNK
a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality 	UNK
of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it 	UNK
contemplative , and sublimely beautiful . 	UNK
new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers 	UNK
delete key 	UNK
this toothless dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen . 	UNK
never loses its ability to shock and amaze . 	UNK
of the insurance actuary 	UNK
is a whole lot of nada . 	UNK
the fantastic 	UNK
of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes 	UNK
on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences 	UNK
the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , 	UNK
piffle . 	UNK
be seen everywhere 	UNK
an indisputably spooky film 	UNK
david and 	UNK
always hilarious meara 	UNK
routine action and jokes like this 	UNK
is extraordinary . 	UNK
a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising . 	UNK
fun-for-fun 's 	UNK
one can only assume that the jury who bestowed star hoffman 's brother gordy with the waldo salt screenwriting award at 2002 's sundance festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off 	UNK
tie together beautifully 	UNK
dense , exhilarating documentary . 	UNK
that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are 	UNK
, rabbit-proof fence is a quest story as grand as the lord of the rings 	UNK
is even better than the fellowship 	UNK
makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role 	UNK
clunky tv-movie 	UNK
return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation 	UNK
believable performances 	UNK
too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) than pink floyd tickets . 	UNK
fall together without much surprise 	UNK
the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons 	UNK
would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film . 	UNK
enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity 	UNK
boomers and their kids will have a barrie good time . 	UNK
rather less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations 	UNK
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining 	UNK
profoundly stupid affair 	UNK
even dies . 	UNK
sad 	UNK
assurance worthy 	UNK
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame . 	UNK
hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film 	UNK
tired 	UNK
but the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment . 	UNK
provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies 	UNK
for dance completists only . 	UNK
mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings 	UNK
it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season . 	UNK
disquieting and thought-provoking film 	UNK
nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing . 	UNK
about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) 	UNK
the best movies of the year 	UNK
, the acting is robotically italicized , 	UNK
gorgeous to look at but 	UNK
most antsy youngsters 	UNK
it collapses when mr. taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush . 	UNK
, entertaining thriller 	UNK
rowdy participants 	UNK
are canny and spiced with irony . 	UNK
an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense 	UNK
's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion . 	UNK
with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences 	UNK
with his picture-perfect life 	UNK
91-minute trailer 	UNK
enticing and often funny documentary . 	UNK
asian neo-realist treasure . 	UNK
had much science 	UNK
to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit 	UNK
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length 	UNK
symbolic characters 	UNK
is ) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits 	UNK
having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material 	UNK
rich and full life 	UNK
somber , absurd , and 	UNK
directed with sensitivity and skill 	UNK
, despite many talky , slow scenes 	UNK
discerning taste 	UNK
the pacing is deadly 	UNK
being forceful , sad without being shrill 	UNK
mind , while watching eric rohmer 's tribute to a courageous scottish lady 	UNK
, it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun 	UNK
steal 	UNK
this bad on purpose 	UNK
earthy 	UNK
drunken driver 	UNK
the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him . 	UNK
as boring and as obvious 	UNK
the best script that besson has written in years . 	UNK
an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans 	UNK
you enough to feel good about 	UNK
found with an devastating , eloquent clarity 	UNK
wreaked 	UNK
long and tedious 	UNK
proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages 	UNK
has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call ` too clever by half . ' 	UNK
are simply dazzling 	UNK
incoherence 	UNK
artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson 	UNK
sex with strangers is fascinating ... 	UNK
songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel . 	UNK
i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael 	UNK
dismal 	UNK
just as much intelligence 	UNK
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading . 	UNK
contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major 	UNK
an intoxicating experience . 	UNK
of the two bewitched adolescents 	UNK
hatred 	UNK
wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder . 	UNK
hitchens ' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power 	UNK
fun , with an undeniable energy 	UNK
complexity 	UNK
so sloppily written and 	UNK
i am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from tv shows , but hey arnold ! 	UNK
shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits 	UNK
humbuggery ... 	UNK
could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format ? 	UNK
the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) 	UNK
impressively true for being so hot-blooded 	UNK
nice to see what he could make with a decent budget 	UNK
be dismissed as mindless 	UNK
raunchy as south park 	UNK
three sides of his story with a sensitivity 	UNK
is a must 	UNK
krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone 	UNK
tested by bad luck and their own immaturity 	UNK
most importantly , 	UNK
those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home 	UNK
random glass-shattering 	UNK
to jimmy 's relentless anger 	UNK
a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels . 	UNK
does n't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) 	UNK
witty , wistful new film 	UNK
put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals 	UNK
gets very ugly , very fast 	UNK
into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy 	UNK
the attempt to complicate the story 	UNK
if you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then . 	UNK
the incomprehensible anne rice novel 	UNK
's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . 	UNK
the gorgeous locales and 	UNK
an erotic thriller that 	UNK
to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss 	UNK
appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience 	UNK
indie of the year , so far . 	UNK
enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded 	UNK
a humanistic message 	UNK
this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people . 	UNK
thoughtful , visually graceful 	UNK
reign 	UNK
rough 	UNK
nurtured his metaphors 	UNK
single-minded as john carpenter 's original 	UNK
once in a while a film 	UNK
a portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers . 	UNK
from firing on all cylinders 	UNK
watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement . 	UNK
new treasure 	UNK
is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life . 	UNK
an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit . 	UNK
eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider . 	UNK
particularly memorable effect 	UNK
jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time 	UNK
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge . 	UNK
at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting 	UNK
whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it 's an unhappy situation all around . 	UNK
pale script 	UNK
in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance 	UNK
their charisma 	UNK
but none of which amounts to much of a story 	UNK
's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin . 	UNK
an ambitious movie that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off . 	UNK
a soufflé gone wrong 	UNK
daring and verve 	UNK
staggered from the theater 	UNK
you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours 	UNK
with actorish notations on the margin of acting 	UNK
finds his inspiration 	UNK
a gritty police thriller 	UNK
helped 	UNK
a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode 	UNK
watchable . 	UNK
efficiently minimalist style 	UNK
a sharp script and strong performances 	UNK
about thoroughly vacuous people 	UNK
the call of the wild 	UNK
does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again . 	UNK
win you over , in a big way 	UNK
bore 	UNK
exceptional to justify a three hour running time 	UNK
accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel . 	UNK
's just tediously bad , 	UNK
inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot 	UNK
rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie 	UNK
is the best star trek movie in a long time . 	UNK
purpose 	UNK
toward the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick . 	UNK
to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone 	UNK
sci-fi generic 	UNK
an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni 	UNK
a subtle and richly internalized performance 	UNK
filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity . 	UNK
brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal 	UNK
's moving 	UNK
the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through the country bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky . 	UNK
deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this 	UNK
the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring 	UNK
a poignant and wryly amusing film 	UNK
oddly compelling . 	UNK
a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story . 	UNK
like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film 	UNK
's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film 	UNK
spectacle 	UNK
have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) 	UNK
speaks volumes 	UNK
a cockeyed shot all the way . 	UNK
a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that i ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , 	UNK
crap 	UNK
of the stand-up comic 	UNK
is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh 	UNK
manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation 	UNK
a pointed , often tender , examination 	UNK
( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) 	UNK
discerned here that producers would be well to heed 	UNK
a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that 	UNK
this loser 	UNK
cheap trick 	UNK
impressive and highly entertaining 	UNK
completely enlightening 	UNK
gooding is the energetic frontman , 	UNK
musicals back 40 years 	UNK
's far from a frothy piece 	UNK
muted 	UNK
all the hearts it won -- and wins still 	UNK
its fusty squareness 	UNK
jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod 	UNK
a more annoying 	UNK
highlander 	UNK
is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories 	UNK
( rises ) above its oh-so-hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism . 	UNK
a wide summer audience 	UNK
oscar caliber cast 	UNK
one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater 	UNK
's splash without the jokes 	UNK
the extensive use of stock footage 	UNK
a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 	UNK
most colorful and controversial artists 	UNK
while it 's nothing we have n't seen before from murphy , i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort . 	UNK
everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and 	UNK
be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still 	UNK
terrific performances 	UNK
all awkward , 	UNK
you 're on the edge of your seat 	UNK
, eastwood is off his game 	UNK
watch , giggle and get 	UNK
the way home 	UNK
adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , 	UNK
, this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian . 	UNK
it 's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . ' 	UNK
broomfield has compelling new material 	UNK
, unsubtle and hollywood-predictable 	UNK
broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , 	UNK
one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party 	UNK
a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise 	UNK
the first place 	UNK
to be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame 	UNK
, collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture . 	UNK
from the opening strains of the average white band 's `` pick up the pieces '' , you can feel the love . 	UNK
could use a little more humanity , 	UNK
warm , inviting , and 	UNK
fun for kids of any age 	UNK
brand name 	UNK
the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is 	UNK
everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation 	UNK
i did n't smile . 	UNK
, is repellantly out of control . 	UNK
ultimate collapse during the film 's final ( restored ) third 	UNK
find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults 	UNK
the wild thornberrys movie 	UNK
it 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , 	UNK
these ambitions , laudable in themselves 	UNK
best-known creation 	UNK
increasingly amused irony 	UNK
beautiful , 	UNK
is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish 	UNK
of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated 	UNK
worn-out material 	UNK
somewhat clumsy 	UNK
unremittingly ugly movie 	UNK
lost their movie mojo 	UNK
translate well to film 	UNK
scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away 	UNK
favorite 	UNK
me grinning 	UNK
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then 	UNK
pack your knitting needles 	UNK
is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes 	UNK
ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident . 	UNK
a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , 	UNK
be much funnier than anything 	UNK
when it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , `` real women have curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams . 	UNK
is a pleasant enough dish 	UNK
the new insomnia 	UNK
simple , sweet and romantic 	UNK
lacked any 	UNK
fails . 	UNK
ignored it 	UNK
sick and twisted 	UNK
is visually smart 	UNK
real visual charge to the filmmaking 	UNK
reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap . 	UNK
revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway 	UNK
produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised 	UNK
confusing and horrifying 	UNK
`` abandon '' 	UNK
the tale commands attention . 	UNK
a day at the beach 	UNK
why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie 	UNK
complex and quirky 	UNK
oo many of these gross out scenes 	UNK
have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament . 	UNK
the best film 	UNK
high-octane jolts 	UNK
processed comedy 	UNK
sexy , funny and touching 	UNK
a stylish psychological thriller 	UNK
winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it 	UNK
an asian landscape painting 	UNK
is more of an ordeal than an amusement 	UNK
impresses 	UNK
are strong 	UNK
a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 	UNK
is mostly a bore 	UNK
seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world 	UNK
is just as obvious as telling a country skunk 	UNK
excellent cast 	UNK
the right film 	UNK
buy is an accomplished actress 	UNK
... blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves . 	UNK
pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama . 	UNK
of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure 	UNK
personal tragedy 	UNK
the director 's experiment 	UNK
assassination 	UNK
chilling 	UNK
shekhar kapur 	UNK
broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car 	UNK
the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth 	UNK
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter 	UNK
buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director roger avary 	UNK
genuinely satisfying 	UNK
offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded 	UNK
least accessible 	UNK
when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if argento 's hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve . 	UNK
believe that people have lost the ability to think and 	UNK
devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , 	UNK
a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured 	UNK
is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery 	UNK
this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies 	UNK
disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects 	UNK
good-looking but 	UNK
visually 	UNK
can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby 	UNK
are n't 	UNK
disdain 	UNK
narrative and ( too ) short 	UNK
spiritual survival 	UNK
` how can you charge money for this ? ' 	UNK
a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner 	UNK
both hugely entertaining and uplifting 	UNK
create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time . 	UNK
loathe 	UNK
grating and tedious . 	UNK
keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired 	UNK
much to our dismay 	UNK
with sean penn 's monotone narration 	UNK
after next spreads them pretty thin 	UNK
, walt becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons . 	UNK
a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look 	UNK
a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy 	UNK
begins with promise , but runs 	UNK
incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music 	UNK
of any film more challenging or depressing 	UNK
the heat of the moment 	UNK
professional 	UNK
as they do in this marvelous film 	UNK
that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at 	UNK
anemic , pretentious 	UNK
may be as history 	UNK
is merely a charmless witch . 	UNK
take on a great writer and dubious human being 	UNK
to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy 	UNK
the classics 	UNK
miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet . 	UNK
funny in the middle 	UNK
even with all its botches , enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment . 	UNK
is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it 	UNK
's not a great monster movie 	UNK
certainly raises the film above anything sandler 's been attached to before . 	UNK
for decades we 've marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . 	UNK
with heart and humor 	UNK
have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up 	UNK
that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience 	UNK
liberating 	UNK
this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book 	UNK
byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth . 	UNK
on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries 	UNK
characterizations to be mildly amusing 	UNK
great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex 	UNK
is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film 	UNK
one feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism . 	UNK
grandiosity 	UNK
is a real charmer 	UNK
time waster ' 	UNK
seen in that light , moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many . 	UNK
showing off 	UNK
and surehanded direction 	UNK
that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works 	UNK
a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy 	UNK
very capable 	UNK
one decent performance from the cast and 	UNK
because the plot is equally hackneyed 	UNK
it can do even more damage 	UNK
's the worst movie i 've seen this summer 	UNK
visual treat 	UNK
a coherent whole 	UNK
for true fans 	UNK
is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario 	UNK
makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important 	UNK
is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks . 	UNK
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- 	UNK
a suspenseful horror movie 	UNK
` hip ' 	UNK
with passion and energy 	UNK
gay porn film 	UNK
sameness 	UNK
informative , 	UNK
thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story 	UNK
vaguely silly overkill 	UNK
comedy death 	UNK
mattei 's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination . 	UNK
ultimate scorsese film 	UNK
eroti-comedy 	UNK
a good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold . 	UNK
beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy 	UNK
harsh reality 	UNK
the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should . 	UNK
quieter domestic scenes 	UNK
it 's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( woo 's ) best work . 	UNK
seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested . 	UNK
a class by itself 	UNK
its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) 	UNK
bad sign 	UNK
sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip . 	UNK
packed with moments out of an alice 	UNK
holds you in rapt attention from 	UNK
writer/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable . 	UNK
by a talented director 	UNK
felt with a sardonic jolt 	UNK
funny for grown-ups as for rugrats 	UNK
emotionally accessible , almost mystical work 	UNK
like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema 	UNK
so intimate and 	UNK
mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits . 	UNK
a love story and 	UNK
the only one laughing at his own joke 	UNK
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals . 	UNK
a warm , fuzzy feeling 	UNK
is hilarious 	UNK
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , 	UNK
the problem with antwone fisher 	UNK
, nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick 	UNK
the image that really tells the tale 	UNK
could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation 	UNK
stuffed to the brim with ideas 	UNK
terrific computer graphics 	UNK
introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter 	UNK
crack you up 	UNK
fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera 	UNK
squanders as much as it gives out 	UNK
butterflies that die 	UNK
star-making 	UNK
the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries 	UNK
i 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but real women have curves truly is life affirming 	UNK
j.k. rowling 's marvelous series 	UNK
... belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn . 	UNK
of a mishmash 	UNK
goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear 	UNK
the redeeming feature of chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in the tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine . 	UNK
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , 	UNK
scarily funny 	UNK
a true study , 	UNK
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , 	UNK
a useless movie 	UNK
the tone for a summer of good stuff 	UNK
confusion and pain 	UNK
movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation . 	UNK
guilt-free trip 	UNK
starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- 	UNK
to a new , self-deprecating level 	UNK
are simply too bland to be interesting . 	UNK
, the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making . 	UNK
has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group . 	UNK
a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling . 	UNK
revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival 	UNK
as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely 	UNK
of academic skullduggery and politics 	UNK
supposedly , pokemon ca n't be killed , but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over . 	UNK
predictably conventional 	UNK
than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating 	UNK
ca n't really be called animation 	UNK
mild disturbance or detached pleasure 	UNK
without oppressive 	UNK
you ca n't miss it . 	UNK
with the cliché-laden screenplay 	UNK
'll love it and probably want to see it twice . 	UNK
well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop 	UNK
sensual , 	UNK
murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , 	UNK
a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation 	UNK
with the fast , funny , and even touching story 	UNK
silly and tedious 	UNK
that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated 	UNK
done excellent work here 	UNK
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking 	UNK
looks as if it belongs on the big screen 	UNK
a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own 	UNK
the compassion , good-natured humor 	UNK
of a mixed bag , with enough negatives 	UNK
stupid americans 	UNK
, it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken . 	UNK
material this rich it does n't need it 	UNK
thoughtful what-if 	UNK
, you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions 	UNK
adults , other than the parents ... 	UNK
the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists 	UNK
around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 	UNK
around this movie directionless 	UNK
you come away thinking not only that kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another . 	UNK
solid storytelling . 	UNK
by weaving a theme throughout this funny film 	UNK
is one of those all-star reunions 	UNK
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but 	UNK
's something vital about the movie . 	UNK
not into high-tech splatterfests 	UNK
an accuracy 	UNK
given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment 	UNK
but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert . 	UNK
elizabeth hurley 's 	UNK
makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) 	UNK
ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you 	UNK
an ambitious movie that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off 	UNK
eloquent , reflective and beautifully 	UNK
surprisingly gentle 	UNK
good intentions 	UNK
a bittersweet drama 	UNK
a mesmerizing performance 	UNK
it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 	UNK
with an appropriate minimum of means 	UNK
it magic 	UNK
the film is well-crafted 	UNK
mr. scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision 	UNK
done excellent work 	UNK
runs out of steam after a half hour . 	UNK
sometimes almost senseless 	UNK
educates viewers 	UNK
choke 	UNK
thoughtful 	UNK
to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood 	UNK
of john c. walsh 's pipe dream 	UNK
something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation 	UNK
is utterly fearless as the tortured husband 	UNK
that already-shallow 	UNK
hip , contemporary , in-jokey one 	UNK
of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) 	UNK
barely register 	UNK
is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away 	UNK
sturdiest example yet 	UNK
deeply meditative 	UNK
have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense . 	UNK
soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , 	UNK
estela bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro 	UNK
a ` girls gone wild ' video 	UNK
's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor 	UNK
hilarious kenneth branagh 	UNK
madonna 's cameo does n't suck ! 	UNK
tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke 	UNK
a love story as sanguine 	UNK
beating the austin powers films 	UNK
the determination of pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop 	UNK
tiresome love triangles 	UNK
it has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ... 	UNK
told with sharp ears and eyes 	UNK
indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema . 	UNK
gesturing 	UNK
continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio . 	UNK
it 's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter . 	UNK
a story worth caring about 	UNK
uncomfortable 	UNK
something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us 	UNK
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , 	UNK
be as bored 	UNK
( davis ) wants to cause his audience an epiphany 	UNK
biographical fantasia 	UNK
because of its epic scope 	UNK
that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep 	UNK
not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved 	UNK
look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 	UNK
such a great one 	UNK
, you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular . 	UNK
and not in a good way 	UNK
a side dish no one ordered 	UNK
with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner 	UNK
is to be cherished 	UNK
structured and well-realized 	UNK
charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark 	UNK
about female friendship that men can embrace and women 	UNK
a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job 	UNK
certainly hard to hate 	UNK
'll feel as the credits roll 	UNK
is like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot 	UNK
gorgeous and finely detailed 	UNK
zings along with vibrance and warmth 	UNK
playfully profound 	UNK
, you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around . 	UNK
, this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman 's warmest . 	UNK
as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball 	UNK
the distance 	UNK
inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc 	UNK
without intent 	UNK
an action/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat . 	UNK
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie 	UNK
sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative . 	UNK
we can enjoy as mild escapism 	UNK
irreparable 	UNK
detention 	UNK
is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad 	UNK
even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached . 	UNK
the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless 	UNK
leaves something to be desired 	UNK
b-movie scum 	UNK
honest 	UNK
most generic 	UNK
that is , more often then not , difficult and sad 	UNK
generous and 	UNK
is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen . 	UNK
's coherent , well shot , and 	UNK
camera movements 	UNK
absurd plot twists , 	UNK
waters 	UNK
schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drowns out the promise of the romantic angle . 	UNK
this stuck pig of a movie 	UNK
otherwise comic 	UNK
( while the last metro ) was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history . 	UNK
rejected x-files episode 	UNK
it can be a bit repetitive 	UNK
it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories . 	UNK
looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man 	UNK
that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer 	UNK
as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle 	UNK
is to frighten and disturb 	UNK
especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it 	UNK
left a few crucial things out , 	UNK
sirk 	UNK
may well be the only one laughing at his own joke 	UNK
littered with celluloid garbage 	UNK
covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people . 	UNK
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , 	UNK
which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking 	UNK
the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry . 	UNK
a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach . 	UNK
of interest 	UNK
a formula comedy 	UNK
, giggly little story 	UNK
lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s . 	UNK
a children 's film in the truest sense 	UNK
the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters 	UNK
rotting 	UNK
this remake of lina wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since john 	UNK
glizty 	UNK
's as good as you remember 	UNK
is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 	UNK
dreary 	UNK
you ca n't wait to see end . 	UNK
the story itself is actually quite vapid . 	UNK
brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie 	UNK
an irresistibly uncanny ambience 	UNK
your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute 	UNK
successful at lodging itself in the brain 	UNK
until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy 	UNK
reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others 	UNK
much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché . 	UNK
like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest . 	UNK
bisset is both convincing and radiant 	UNK
an enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar . 	UNK
everybody else is in the background 	UNK
nothing but boilerplate clichés 	UNK
enter 	UNK
some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares . 	UNK
breathes life 	UNK
stylish psychological thriller 	UNK
starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and 	UNK
moved to the edge of their seats 	UNK
is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles 	UNK
high production values 	UNK
particularly nightmarish 	UNK
and utterly pointless 	UNK
quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar 	UNK
gifted artists 	UNK
forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior 	UNK
sacrificing the integrity of the opera 	UNK
ultimately very satisfying 	UNK
about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher 	UNK
of sharp writing 	UNK
a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front 	UNK
mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis 	UNK
is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight 	UNK
the soullessness 	UNK
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) 	UNK
real stars 	UNK
the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her . 	UNK
carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders 	UNK
as obvious as telling a country skunk 	UNK
schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm 	UNK
have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination 	UNK
gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic 	UNK
, i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one . 	UNK
stimulating and demanding 	UNK
bright and 	UNK
a good surprise ending 	UNK
a strong first act 	UNK
it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance 	UNK
and it 's what makes their project so interesting 	UNK
one oscar nomination 	UNK
but they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail . 	UNK
the atmosphere of the crime expertly 	UNK
most poorly staged and 	UNK
and unrelentingly exploitative 	UNK
director jay russell stomps in hobnail boots over natalie babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel . 	UNK
the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild 	UNK
there 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects . 	UNK
nicely 	UNK
like a book report 	UNK
slog 	UNK
so intimate and sensual and funny 	UNK
significantly different ( and better ) 	UNK
shrill , simple and soapy . 	UNK
real star 	UNK
dead 	UNK
an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame 	UNK
, discontent , and yearning 	UNK
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so 	UNK
a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... 	UNK
small gem 	UNK
despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz 	UNK
... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers . 	UNK
an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay 	UNK
many conclusive answers in the film 	UNK
comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature . 	UNK
it 's stylishly directed with verve ... 	UNK
is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style . 	UNK
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- 	UNK
have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time . 	UNK
you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject . 	UNK
sustain interest 	UNK
auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . 	UNK
the movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis . 	UNK
is a movie that understands characters must come first 	UNK
a series of immaculately composed shots of patch adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie . 	UNK
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to 	UNK
creepiest conventions 	UNK
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting 	UNK
it does n't work . 	UNK
a family of five blind , crippled , amish people alive in this situation 	UNK
both sides of this emotional car-wreck 	UNK
is emerging in world cinema 	UNK
while it may not add up to the sum of its parts 	UNK
for all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian . 	UNK
stupid and 	UNK
to the point of nausea 	UNK
should stick to his day job 	UNK
not that funny 	UNK
as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix 	UNK
, well , 	UNK
diva 	UNK
represents an engaging and intimate first feature 	UNK
delicately crafted film 	UNK
an uplifting , near-masterpiece 	UNK
mordantly funny 	UNK
a well-crafted film 	UNK
anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year 	UNK
whip-smart 	UNK
seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . 	UNK
characteristically engorged and sloppy 	UNK
jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience 	UNK
raunch 	UNK
for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well . 	UNK
the finished product 's unshapely look 	UNK
to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time 	UNK
entertains 	UNK
cruelly funny 	UNK
chore 	UNK
lobotomy 	UNK
the dream world of teen life 	UNK
this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost . 	UNK
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , 	UNK
truly excellent sequences 	UNK
it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain 	UNK
a bad day 	UNK
without any redeeming value whatsoever 	UNK
of describing badness 	UNK
there 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent 	UNK
funniness 	UNK
in your heart 	UNK
letting you share her one-room world for a while 	UNK
deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant . 	UNK
` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore 	UNK
it 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them 	UNK
exercise in formula crash-and-bash action 	UNK
otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , 	UNK
toilet 	UNK
, sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . 	UNK
standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth 	UNK
a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert 	UNK
tendentious 	UNK
to be cherished 	UNK
despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema 	UNK
second , what 's with all the shooting ? 	UNK
unimpeachable 	UNK
stitched together from stock situations and characters 	UNK
's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long . 	UNK
may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen 	UNK
perfect performance 	UNK
a james bond series for kids 	UNK
's got as potent a topic as ever here 	UNK
would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes 	UNK
satisfyingly 	UNK
that it does afford 	UNK
the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film 	UNK
turbulent self-discovery 	UNK
trotting out threadbare standbys 	UNK
does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation 	UNK
lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies 	UNK
this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it 	UNK
but also intriguing and honorable , 	UNK
really need a remake of `` charade 	UNK
in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard 	UNK
's much to recommend the film 	UNK
rashomon-for-dipsticks tale . 	UNK
as inept 	UNK
unassuming , subordinate 	UNK
a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity . 	UNK
an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us 	UNK
hossein 	UNK
beautifully shot 	UNK
is wonderful 	UNK
sentimental ooze 	UNK
primitive animated special effects 	UNK
no explanation or even 	UNK
an irresistible blend of warmth and humor 	UNK
as the mediterranean sparkles 	UNK
with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises 	UNK
truly wonderful 	UNK
strong-minded 	UNK
into some univac-like script machine 	UNK
cold 	UNK
is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially 	UNK
feel good 	UNK
an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- 	UNK
only pain 	UNK
somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard 	UNK
after a while , hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial . 	UNK
insulting 	UNK
a temporal inquiry 	UNK
how tedious 	UNK
a zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious . 	UNK
sufficient 	UNK
adrenaline boost 	UNK
is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success 	UNK
of happy 	UNK
the great minds of our times 	UNK
mr. polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival . 	UNK
gives a superb performance 	UNK
deny its seriousness and quality 	UNK
cold-hearted curmudgeon 	UNK
feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope 	UNK
: land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place . 	UNK
heartwarming 	UNK
the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze . 	UNK
like the hanks character , he 's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed . 	UNK
is scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph . 	UNK
watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy . 	UNK
a particularly nightmarish fairytale 	UNK
something more beautiful than either of those films 	UNK
taken outside the context of the current political climate ( see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! ) 	UNK
moving and stark reminder 	UNK
do n't really care too much about this love story . 	UNK
comedy and melodrama 	UNK
by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy 	UNK
its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting 	UNK
miscalculates badly 	UNK
is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness 	UNK
numbing experience 	UNK
he respects the material without sentimentalizing it 	UNK
a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones 's diary . 	UNK
of no erotic or sensuous charge 	UNK
throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , 	UNK
of shape 	UNK
is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes 	UNK
many flaws 	UNK
a superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : 	UNK
young romantics 	UNK
is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit 	UNK
ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold 	UNK
by a set of heartfelt performances 	UNK
insurance 	UNK
striking villains 	UNK
does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject . 	UNK
much of the lady and the duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes . 	UNK
better 	UNK
it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken . 	UNK
, you 're in luck . 	UNK
full of cheesy dialogue 	UNK
can usually be traced back to the little things 	UNK
as clever 	UNK
if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor 	UNK
between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking 	UNK
the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure . 	UNK
it 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter . 	UNK
is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst . 	UNK
an almost constant mindset of suspense 	UNK
are so old-fashioned 	UNK
of admission for the ridicule factor 	UNK
skillfully 	UNK
flaws , but also 	UNK
that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling 	UNK
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart . 	UNK
there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows . 	UNK
the secret 's eventual discovery 	UNK
easier to sit through than most of jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films 	UNK
gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things . 	UNK
holds promise , 	UNK
comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . 	UNK
unwieldy cast 	UNK
the horror fan 	UNK
ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour 	UNK
is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker 	UNK
a hit - and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped . 	UNK
to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon 	UNK
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype 	UNK
career-defining revelation 	UNK
with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary 	UNK
a british cast 	UNK
the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time 	UNK
just so the documentary will be over 	UNK
enjoyable choice 	UNK
required genuine acting from ms. spears 	UNK
knows how to make our imagination wonder . 	UNK
cold , sterile and lacking 	UNK
coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story . 	UNK
congrats disney on a job well done 	UNK
take you places you have n't been , and also places you have 	UNK
is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate . 	UNK
the film above anything sandler 	UNK
proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent 	UNK
pale imitation 	UNK
( russell ) makes good b movies ( the mask , the blob ) , and the scorpion king more than ably meets those standards . 	UNK
cheapening it 	UNK
it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head 	UNK
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally . 	UNK
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome 	UNK
a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling 	UNK
uniquely sensual 	UNK
when the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence . 	UNK
of all those famous moments 	UNK
the rollicking dark humor so necessary 	UNK
does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting . 	UNK
the characters are paper thin and 	UNK
slapping its target audience in the face 	UNK
nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it 	UNK
clever ideas and 	UNK
we 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in fire that makes the formula fresh again 	UNK
gripping drama . 	UNK
a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character 	UNK
an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humor and reinforcement of stereotypes 	UNK
, you 'll cheer . 	UNK
a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point 	UNK
a cheap thriller 	UNK
a sensitive , moving 	UNK
penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship . 	UNK
the logic 	UNK
worth catching 	UNK
's not like having a real film of nijinsky 	UNK
an oddly winning portrayal of one 	UNK
just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception 	UNK
a stale , overused cocktail 	UNK
who might enjoy this 	UNK
romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy 	UNK
his wife look so bad in a major movie 	UNK
that pollyana would reach for a barf bag 	UNK
with their fathers 	UNK
a huge disappointment coming , 	UNK
ruined by amateurish writing and acting 	UNK
there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose . 	UNK
an insane comic undertaking 	UNK
about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it 	UNK
one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation . 	UNK
fast and funny 	UNK
unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs 	UNK
likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy . 	UNK
the surprisingly shoddy makeup work 	UNK
this arrogant richard pryor wannabe 	UNK
one of the worst films of the summer 	UNK
it 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie . 	UNK
is masterful 	UNK
has little wit and no surprises . 	UNK
sublimely lofty 	UNK
'' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` tonight . '' 	UNK
( and educational ) 	UNK
20 years apart 	UNK
rates as an exceptional thriller . 	UNK
`` frailty '' starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme . 	UNK
and it is n't that funny . 	UNK
it 'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies 	UNK
( a ) soulless 	UNK
, i 'd want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by . 	UNK
offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame 	UNK
is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time . 	UNK
that clever angle 	UNK
a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic 	UNK
star 	UNK
an affectionate 	UNK
for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway 	UNK
you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on 	UNK
nothing in it to engage children emotionally 	UNK
than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises 	UNK
, so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast . 	UNK
is nicely shot , well-edited 	UNK
discovery and humor between chaplin and kidman 	UNK
fret 	UNK
fashion a brazil-like , hyper-real satire 	UNK
as decent drama/action flick 	UNK
with impressive results 	UNK
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze . 	UNK
as naturally charming as it needs to be 	UNK
is dazzling 	UNK
ultimate 	UNK
touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon 	UNK
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny 	UNK
piano 	UNK
have a whale of a good time . 	UNK
quickly wears out its limited welcome 	UNK
rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel 	UNK
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently 	UNK
mixed-up films 	UNK
that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years 	UNK
implicitly 	UNK
exciting and well-paced . 	UNK
is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out . 	UNK
quietly moving 	UNK
succeeds in entertaining 	UNK
my eyelids ... getting 	UNK
you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch 	UNK
a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 	UNK
rejected 	UNK
is painterly 	UNK
's a very tasteful rock and roll movie 	UNK
squirming in their seats 	UNK
well done 	UNK
on its own , it 's not very interesting . 	UNK
is a horrible movie -- 	UNK
i could not stand them 	UNK
ver wiel 's 	UNK
the ` ick ' 	UNK
serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , 	UNK
leaves you giddy 	UNK
talent 	UNK
in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24/7 . 	UNK
about tattoos 	UNK
there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally 	UNK
care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance 	UNK
in 1958 brooklyn 	UNK
of the most depressing movie-going experiences i can think of 	UNK
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- 	UNK
a consummate actor 	UNK
bad mannered , ugly and destructive little **** 	UNK
's superficial and unrealized 	UNK
intimate and socially encompassing 	UNK
banged their brains 	UNK
are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief 	UNK
giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun . 	UNK
to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up 	UNK
of surprises 	UNK
, dramatically satisfying heroine 	UNK
ghetto 	UNK
the gags are puerile . 	UNK
a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s 	UNK
delight 	UNK
master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours . 	UNK
hopkins/rock collision 	UNK
this is n't worth sitting through 	UNK
why human beings long for what they do n't have 	UNK
strangely impersonal and abstract 	UNK
a video helmer 	UNK
happens that tells you there is no sense 	UNK
might not seem like the proper cup of tea 	UNK
the movie is certainly easy to watch . 	UNK
try to surprise us with plot twists 	UNK
coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs 	UNK
skip 	UNK
crudup 's anchoring performance 	UNK
a rehash 	UNK
to a biting satire that has no teeth 	UNK
comes out looking like something wholly original 	UNK
unremittingly ugly 	UNK
beautifully crafted 	UNK
enjoys 	UNK
every turn of elizabeth berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm 	UNK
that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker 	UNK
decidedly unoriginal 	UNK
the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' 	UNK
hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone 	UNK
a little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt . 	UNK
's mostly a pleasure to watch . 	UNK
his greatest triumph 	UNK
how much they engage and even touch us 	UNK
this strenuously unconventional movie 	UNK
the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) 	UNK
a frustrating ` tweener ' 	UNK
as important as humor 	UNK
enthrall 	UNK
, though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized . 	UNK
very very strong `` b + 	UNK
dramatized 	UNK
the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate 	UNK
under the skin of her characters 	UNK
fresh view 	UNK
the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate . 	UNK
'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie . 	UNK
right ways 	UNK
is competent 	UNK
with no aspirations 	UNK
operatic 	UNK
tender hug 	UNK
beautiful stars 	UNK
unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two 	UNK
another shameless attempt 	UNK
despite bearing the paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement european pickup . 	UNK
over-blown 	UNK
nicolas cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and 	UNK
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much 	UNK
maudlin ending 	UNK
be like trying to eat brussels sprouts 	UNK
it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness 	UNK
` ke burstein 	UNK
well made 	UNK
succeeds through sincerity 	UNK
warmth and humor 	UNK
failed jokes , twitchy acting , 	UNK
the most complex , generous and subversive artworks 	UNK
an ungainly movie 	UNK
sadistic bike flick 	UNK
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and 	UNK
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set 	UNK
built for controversy . 	UNK
in a sick , twisted sort of way 	UNK
great combination act 	UNK
is duly impressive in imax dimensions , 	UNK
with cloying messages and irksome characters 	UNK
pleasing way 	UNK
all awkward 	UNK
has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past . 	UNK
skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd 	UNK
star script 	UNK
terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life . 	UNK
the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original 	UNK
's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before 	UNK
, hard-hitting documentary . 	UNK
pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess . 	UNK
ingenious and often 	UNK
merely pretentious -- 	UNK
has a pleasing way with a metaphor . 	UNK
went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood 	UNK
ladles on the local flavor with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza 	UNK
a glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism . 	UNK
delightful stimulus 	UNK
which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) 	UNK
humor wry 	UNK
with a tone as variable as the cinematography 	UNK
these women are spectacular 	UNK
co-stars 	UNK
to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny 	UNK
intricate , intimate and intelligent journey 	UNK
lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair 	UNK
modest , straight-ahead standards 	UNK
in modern alienation 	UNK
a sense of childhood imagination 	UNK
leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama 	UNK
tear-stained 	UNK
falling 	UNK
innocent and 	UNK
with weak dialogue and biopic 	UNK
her welcome in her most charmless performance 	UNK
one terrific story with lots of laughs 	UNK
stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters 	UNK
looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad 	UNK
more grueling and 	UNK
that 's neither original nor terribly funny 	UNK
transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories . 	UNK
give a backbone to the company 	UNK
the film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables . 	UNK
superior '' 	UNK
a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece 	UNK
old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale 	UNK
its rather slow beginning 	UNK
serious and thoughtful . 	UNK
is more engaging than the usual fantasies hollywood produces 	UNK
but here 's a movie about it anyway . 	UNK
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , 	UNK
the difference between cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited . 	UNK
were made for the palm screen 	UNK
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but 	UNK
sits in the place where a masterpiece should be 	UNK
enough vices to merit its 103-minute length 	UNK
a really solid woody allen film 	UNK
leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies 	UNK
always looks good 	UNK
preposterousness 	UNK
although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful . 	UNK
out of character and logically porous action set 	UNK
low-budget and tired 	UNK
muddled drama 	UNK
's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory 	UNK
unusually tame 	UNK
markedly inactive 	UNK
that keeps you guessing at almost every turn 	UNK
the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts 	UNK
all movie long , city by the sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of de niro , mcdormand and the other good actors in the cast . 	UNK
one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theater . 	UNK
this forgettable effort 	UNK
to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure 	UNK
weaver and lapaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk . 	UNK
about the plight of american indians in modern america 	UNK
historically significant 	UNK
wrong on both counts 	UNK
noble failure . 	UNK
overused 	UNK
a bland animated sequel that 	UNK
no sense of pride or shame 	UNK
insultingly unbelievable final act 	UNK
a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects . 	UNK
paint-by-numbers picture 	UNK
of pure misogynist evil 	UNK
the production is suitably elegant 	UNK
that frenetic spectacle ( on the tv show ) 	UNK
huge action sequence 	UNK
is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious 	UNK
the hardy spirit 	UNK
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 . 	UNK
the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan 	UNK
the broiling sun 	UNK
inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo 	UNK
for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable 	UNK
, the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . 	UNK
sloppy slapstick 	UNK
he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer . 	UNK
adventure story and history lesson 	UNK
happens to be good 	UNK
too full 	UNK
comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on showtime 's ` red shoe diaries 	UNK
well-crafted psychological study 	UNK
girls ca n't swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the french coming-of-age genre . 	UNK
virtually impossible 	UNK
devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects . 	UNK
stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness 	UNK
be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting 	UNK
painfully forced , 	UNK
offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us . 	UNK
might turn on many people to opera , in general 	UNK
exit sign 	UNK
has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke 	UNK
matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus 	UNK
does n't match his ambition 	UNK
remain curious about each other against all odds 	UNK
schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie 	UNK
all the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling . 	UNK
fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer 	UNK
in luck 	UNK
soderbergh 's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem . 	UNK
the story is bogus 	UNK
if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play 	UNK
a deftly entertaining film 	UNK
charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero . 	UNK
such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care 	UNK
the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still 	UNK
for kids or their parents 	UNK
has plenty of laughs . 	UNK
enjoyably over-the-top 	UNK
... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels . 	UNK
occasionally inspired dialogue bits 	UNK
, the movie is a disaster . 	UNK
remarkable and memorable 	UNK
spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics . 	UNK
everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for 	UNK
quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite 	UNK
is a nonstop hoot 	UNK
a marvelous performance by allison lohman 	UNK
pleasant enough -- and 	UNK
's an ambitious film 	UNK
goes downhill 	UNK
returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures 	UNK
bright 	UNK
a bad rock concert 	UNK
, overmanipulative hollywood practices 	UNK
it 's potentially just as rewarding 	UNK
tragic deaths 	UNK
that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving 	UNK
that fails on so many levels 	UNK
audience-pleaser 	UNK
a sappy , preachy one at that 	UNK
this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings 	UNK
we 've seen it all before in one form or another 	UNK
it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes 	UNK
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all 	UNK
what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or 	UNK
influence 	UNK
reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events 	UNK
excellent latin actors of all ages 	UNK
alas , getting there is not even half the interest . 	UNK
have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament 	UNK
its most glaring 	UNK
might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around . 	UNK
kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation . 	UNK
are well worth revisiting as many times as possible 	UNK
the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it . 	UNK
the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage . 	UNK
would not likely be so stupid as to get 	UNK
engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often 	UNK
comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them 	UNK
's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise 	UNK
( jeff 's ) gorgeous , 	UNK
that holds up well after two decades 	UNK
a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably 	UNK
with maggots crawling on a dead dog 	UNK
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- 	UNK
a powerful look 	UNK
strip it of all its excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie . 	UNK
classic text 	UNK
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy 	UNK
female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael 	UNK
just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play 	UNK
so-called ` comedy ' 	UNK
has done his homework and 	UNK
since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche . 	UNK
reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show . 	UNK
for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish 	UNK
i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound . 	UNK
a plot that 's just too boring and obvious 	UNK
tortured husband 	UNK
is its personable , amusing cast 	UNK
, it finds a nice rhythm . 	UNK
smart , not cloying 	UNK
huppert and girardot give performances of exceptional honesty . 	UNK
an earnest , roughshod document 	UNK
imaginative filmmaking 	UNK
the film 's hero is a bore and 	UNK
cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work . 	UNK
maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor . 	UNK
an acidic all-male all about eve 	UNK
totally past his prime 	UNK
the recording sessions are intriguing , and 	UNK
dream of 	UNK
should not be missed . 	UNK
of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters 	UNK
a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today 	UNK
'll love it 	UNK
a fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special 	UNK
said , except : film overboard ! 	UNK
cagney 's ` top of the world ' 	UNK
succumb to appearing in this junk that 's tv sitcom material at best 	UNK
the knee-jerk misogyny 	UNK
as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe 	UNK
, and room noise 	UNK
the poor acting 	UNK
dehumanizing and ego-destroying 	UNK
does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door 	UNK
of good actors 	UNK
of lurid melodrama 	UNK
, honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama 	UNK
nails hard 	UNK
the characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script . 	UNK
, prepackaged julia roberts wannabe 	UNK
occasionally horrifying but often inspiring 	UNK
hates its characters 	UNK
to be a wacky , screwball comedy 	UNK
genres that just does n't work 	UNK
sick 	UNK
a tired , talky feel 	UNK
there is only so much baked cardboard i need to chew . 	UNK
moving and vibrant . 	UNK
should have stayed there 	UNK
should come with the warning `` for serious film buffs only 	UNK
more entertaining , 	UNK
chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it 	UNK
a positive impression 	UNK
eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss 	UNK
is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 	UNK
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work 	UNK
too little 	UNK
tough pill to swallow 	UNK
a clear-eyed chronicle 	UNK
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle 	UNK
is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything 	UNK
's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective . 	UNK
returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power . 	UNK
the soulful gravity 	UNK
lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history . 	UNK
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve . 	UNK
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation 	UNK
surprisingly decent flick 	UNK
twohy 's a good yarn-spinner 	UNK
rigid 	UNK
lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling . 	UNK
fresh , sometimes funny , and 	UNK
sheridan seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony . 	UNK
this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body 	UNK
that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever 	UNK
a real winner 	UNK
head-turner 	UNK
is just as boring and as obvious 	UNK
to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff 	UNK
it 's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer 	UNK
a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't . 	UNK
this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen 	UNK
its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers 	UNK
a timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices . 	UNK
wanting to abandon the theater 	UNK
bring to imax 	UNK
to recovering from its demented premise 	UNK
littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed 	UNK
daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , biggie and tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation . 	UNK
director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard 	UNK
`` wild ride '' 	UNK
this fascinating portrait 	UNK
emotionally distant piece 	UNK
is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet . 	UNK
right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies 	UNK
fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently 	UNK
film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly 	UNK
empire '' lacks in depth 	UNK
i can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it . 	UNK
soft-porn 'em powerment 	UNK
blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . 	UNK
control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible 	UNK
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made 	UNK
to lift the spirits of the whole family 	UNK
stiletto-stomps the life out 	UNK
exactly wrong 	UNK
, passion , and genius 	UNK
you wrong on both counts 	UNK
might as well be watching it through a telescope 	UNK
rhapsodic 	UNK
schlocky horror/action hybrid 	UNK
right actors 	UNK
the murder 	UNK
delicately calibrated in tone 	UNK
tiresome cliché 	UNK
passive-aggressive 	UNK
sophisticated performance 	UNK
needs more impressionistic 	UNK
dramatic punch 	UNK
a first-rate cast 	UNK
riveting memories 	UNK
did n't smile 	UNK
kidman has become one of our best actors 	UNK
trite and overused 	UNK
a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition 	UNK
her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks . 	UNK
the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects 	UNK
in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense 	UNK
you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing 	UNK
to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering 	UNK
a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip . 	UNK
will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear 	UNK
mostly leaves him shooting blanks 	UNK
i do n't blame eddie murphy but should n't owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ? 	UNK
graceful , moving 	UNK
it 's not just a feel-good movie 	UNK
belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) 	UNK
's a compelling and horrifying story 	UNK
maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine 	UNK
suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme 	UNK
like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing . 	UNK
highly uneven and inconsistent ... 	UNK
live the mood 	UNK
could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower 	UNK
jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism . 	UNK
`` empire '' lacks in depth 	UNK
creates an impeccable sense of place 	UNK
of strung-together moments 	UNK
genuinely enthusiastic 	UNK
awe-inspiring visual poetry 	UNK
a very talented but underutilized supporting cast 	UNK
a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks 	UNK
at hostile odds with one another 	UNK
, all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill . 	UNK
are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster 	UNK
captured 	UNK
gushing -- imamura squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge ' 	UNK
if you can push on through the slow spots , you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting . 	UNK
of the flesh 	UNK
is precious little of either . 	UNK
rings false . 	UNK
are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script . 	UNK
lame and 	UNK
sentimental journey 	UNK
every faltering half-step of its development 	UNK
fighting hard for something that really matters 	UNK
be impressed by this tired retread 	UNK
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community 	UNK
early laughs 	UNK
though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish . 	UNK
calm and thoughtful 	UNK
demented in a good way 	UNK
witty , 	UNK
, `` they 're out there ! '' 	UNK
war 	UNK
despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings . 	UNK
comes to mind : so why is this so boring ? 	UNK
nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives . 	UNK
puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself . 	UNK
runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes 	UNK
of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life 	UNK
long-suffering 	UNK
so many talented people 	UNK
inventive 	UNK
whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball 	UNK
would know what to make of this italian freakshow . 	UNK
politically audacious 	UNK
makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent 	UNK
blemishes 	UNK
the pleasure of read my lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string . 	UNK
right into the center of that world 	UNK
a lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles french , japanese and hollywood cultures . 	UNK
was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances 	UNK
a feel-good fantasy 	UNK
those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep . 	UNK
authenticate her british persona 	UNK
becomes a sermon for most of its running time 	UNK
you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you 	UNK
dips key moments 	UNK
one well-timed explosion in a movie 	UNK
distracted rhythms 	UNK
may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy . 	UNK
finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee 	UNK
no character 	UNK
essentially juiceless 	UNK
tired one 	UNK
his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him 	UNK
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes 	UNK
in its chicken heart 	UNK
mean things 	UNK
the talented cast 	UNK
is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies 	UNK
it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived . 	UNK
is entirely too straight-faced 	UNK
striking character traits 	UNK
the gifted korean american stand-up 	UNK
good , achingly human 	UNK
does hold up pretty well . 	UNK
, like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar . 	UNK
is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause . 	UNK
mired in a shabby script 	UNK
unblinkingly pure as 	UNK
is credible and remarkably mature . 	UNK
could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking . 	UNK
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage . 	UNK
believability 	UNK
a touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community . 	UNK
a little too much resonance with real world events 	UNK
choppy , overlong documentary about ` the lifestyle . ' 	UNK
have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept 	UNK
few gut-busting laughs 	UNK
sweet and modest 	UNK
wanted to leave . 	UNK
restrained and subtle 	UNK
be intolerable company 	UNK
about the best thing you could say about narc 	UNK
excellent sequel . 	UNK
a cultural wildcard experience 	UNK
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve . 	UNK
, few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant . 	UNK
confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture 	UNK
bravado 	UNK
scenery , vibe and all 	UNK
get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins 	UNK
offer audiences 	UNK
that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i 	UNK
of clever ideas and visual gags 	UNK
an underdone potato 	UNK
, and beautifully shot 	UNK
will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? '' 	UNK
his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form 	UNK
a real howler 	UNK
funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic . 	UNK
well together 	UNK
to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing 	UNK
nothing to gain from watching they 	UNK
to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires 	UNK
document both sides of this emotional car-wreck 	UNK
a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone 	UNK
leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . 	UNK
even if the ring has a familiar ring , it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror . 	UNK
there 's no fizz 	UNK
your favorite pet get buried alive 	UNK
old-fashioned values 	UNK
it 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage . 	UNK
get you down 	UNK
was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great 	UNK
the ring never lets you off the hook . 	UNK
overweight and out 	UNK
looking for something new 	UNK
shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and 	UNK
subzero 	UNK
its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese 	UNK
absolutely refreshed 	UNK
wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson 	UNK
endure instead of enjoy 	UNK
teen-sleaze 	UNK
i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop 	UNK
succeed in alienating most viewers 	UNK
a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture 	UNK
a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made . 	UNK
much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever . 	UNK
everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable . 	UNK
as happy listening to movies 	UNK
that 's the mark of a documentary that works 	UNK
troubling and 	UNK
disgusting 	UNK
that it is n't very good 	UNK
releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them . 	UNK
that just seem like a bad idea from frame one 	UNK
have a good time with this one too 	UNK
finds itself in reduced circumstances 	UNK
to light 	UNK
a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions 	UNK
the ensemble cast 	UNK
a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness 	UNK
friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , 	UNK
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects 	UNK
's just that it 's so not-at-all-good 	UNK
by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing 	UNK
fit chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special 	UNK
with indoctrinated prejudice 	UNK
well wrought 	UNK
wanting more answers as the credits 	UNK
funny little movie 	UNK
the limited chemistry 	UNK
has a brain 	UNK
ultra-violent gangster wannabe 	UNK
plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy . 	UNK
watch the movie 	UNK
it 's inauthentic at its core 	UNK
bad writing 	UNK
proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages . 	UNK
reflect 	UNK
freshness 	UNK
polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions 	UNK
you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises 	UNK
laugh-free lecture 	UNK
thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about 	UNK
meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import 	UNK
of ` let 's get this thing over with 	UNK
mind ugly 	UNK
in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way 	UNK
profundity 	UNK
a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given . 	UNK
i.e. , a banal spiritual quest 	UNK
a neat trick 	UNK
that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy 	UNK
wears its empowerment on its sleeve 	UNK
have made for better drama 	UNK
wow factors 	UNK
cheap 	UNK
a thinking man 's monster movie 	UNK
a moratorium , effective immediately , 	UNK
concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt 	UNK
boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery 	UNK
it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , 	UNK
thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy 	UNK
that ultimately defeated the film ... it was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second 	UNK
bad romances 	UNK
leigh makes these lives count . 	UNK
his impressions of life and loss and 	UNK
as good , 	UNK
is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves . 	UNK
in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances 	UNK
a feel-good movie can still show real heart 	UNK
like one of ( spears ' ) music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it . 	UNK
until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching 	UNK
in his right mind 	UNK
the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i 	UNK
are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun 	UNK
appealingly 	UNK
marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel . 	UNK
heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv 	UNK
is forgettable 	UNK
the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it . 	UNK
the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil 	UNK
is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	UNK
uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor 	UNK
originality in ` life ' 	UNK
if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head 	UNK
look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd . 	UNK
we a sick society 	UNK
well-written 	UNK
entertain 	UNK
it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images . 	UNK
this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon 	UNK
be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) 	UNK
practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor 	UNK
the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another . 	UNK
kicks into gear 	UNK
begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s 	UNK
were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned 	UNK
not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department 	UNK
danish cows 	UNK
, but also intriguing and honorable , 	UNK
the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material . 	UNK
entirely suspenseful , extremely 	UNK
is solid , satisfying fare for adults . 	UNK
the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality 	UNK
its magic 	UNK
beautifully edited 	UNK
marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula . 	UNK
as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films 	UNK
new kind 	UNK
s1m0ne 's satire is not subtle , 	UNK
though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent 	UNK
grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . 	UNK
pleasures 	UNK
is never clear 	UNK
co-writers lisa bazadona and grace woodard 	UNK
a huge box-office 	UNK
good and different 	UNK
i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great ... i 'm not , and then i realized that i just did n't care . 	UNK
polished , well-structured film 	UNK
there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction 	UNK
ecstasy 	UNK
the charm of revolution os is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers . 	UNK
is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love 	UNK
the brilliant performances by testud 	UNK
nonsensical story 	UNK
's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived . 	UNK
's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins . 	UNK
because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue 	UNK
by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story . 	UNK
and pretentious endeavor 	UNK
a personal low 	UNK
god help us 	UNK
face arrest 15 years after their crime 	UNK
i still want my money back . 	UNK
and more entertaining , too 	UNK
is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs . 	UNK
never fails to fascinate . 	UNK
all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow . 	UNK
inventive cinematic tricks and 	UNK
the film does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal . 	UNK
suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers . 	UNK
that pours into every frame 	UNK
cultural satire 	UNK
enveloping affection 	UNK
's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ? '' 	UNK
this is n't exactly profound cinema , 	UNK
puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible 	UNK
that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice 	UNK
the mess 	UNK
's mildly sentimental 	UNK
is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start . 	UNK
maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards 	UNK
uniquely itself 	UNK
narrative banality 	UNK
uncommonly ambitious 	UNK
just does n't figure in the present hollywood program . 	UNK
sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent 	UNK
is n't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ? 	UNK
you 'll have a good time with this one too 	UNK
i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop 	UNK
of such a well loved classic 	UNK
created a substantive movie 	UNK
( i ) t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop is n't as funny as it should be 	UNK
, beautifully produced film 	UNK
is n't very funny 	UNK
solid acting and a neat premise 	UNK
putrid it is not worth 	UNK
immature and unappealing to care about 	UNK
to be bad 	UNK
ballsy 	UNK
, astonish and entertain 	UNK
the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen . 	UNK
very much like life 	UNK
in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . ' 	UNK
hollywood ending just is n't very funny . 	UNK
a corny examination 	UNK
ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities 	UNK
winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars 	UNK
that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history 	UNK
emotional blandness 	UNK
a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate 	UNK
an intimate feeling , 	UNK
an honored screen veteran 	UNK
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat 	UNK
nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme . 	UNK
does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience 	UNK
frustrated and detached 	UNK
a sweet-tempered comedy 	UNK
a fine documentary 	UNK
jacquot preserves tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera . 	UNK
arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone 	UNK
it 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar american style of justice that plays out here , 	UNK
intricately structured and well-realized drama 	UNK
so impersonal or 	UNK
proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors . 	UNK
might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about 	UNK
is clearly a good thing . 	UNK
thrill you , touch you and make you 	UNK
written so well , 	UNK
undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads 	UNK
i found myself howling more than cringing 	UNK
stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes . 	UNK
the best he 's been in years 	UNK
speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand 	UNK
the overall fabric is hypnotic , 	UNK
complete moron 	UNK
you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet . 	UNK
great deal 	UNK
it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny 	UNK
smile 	UNK
the movie is like scorsese 's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot . 	UNK
'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for 	UNK
his characters are acting horribly 	UNK
is oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that 	UNK
naturalistic 	UNK
larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller 	UNK
, tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` his girl friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes . 	UNK
gives us a reason to care about them 	UNK
savor the story 	UNK
a preposterous , prurient whodunit . 	UNK
cheapened 	UNK
vulgarity , sex scenes , and 	UNK
winter landscapes 	UNK
eat up 	UNK
shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them 	UNK
constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , 	UNK
would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture 	UNK
psychologically savvy . 	UNK
white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it 	UNK
after an uncertain start 	UNK
no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle 	UNK
dramatic impact 	UNK
the film is way too full of itself 	UNK
however entertainingly presented , 	UNK
illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box 	UNK
poignant and funny . 	UNK
a rumor of angels does n't just slip -- 	UNK
-- and disposable story 	UNK
... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off . 	UNK
the funniest moments 	UNK
impeccable sense 	UNK
a pleasing verisimilitude 	UNK
be quirky and funny 	UNK
by ryan gosling 	UNK
one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years . 	UNK
the stale material 	UNK
can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change 	UNK
that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination 	UNK
a powerful and telling story that examines 	UNK
it 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible . 	UNK
handled correctly , wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . 	UNK
's face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument , 	UNK
enhanced 	UNK
best possible ways 	UNK
entirely improvised 	UNK
make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one 	UNK
wretched 	UNK
in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters 	UNK
ame and unnecessary 	UNK
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and 	UNK
for the perspective it offers 	UNK
even less surprises 	UNK
compelling historical tale 	UNK
venturesome 	UNK
it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark 	UNK
in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad 	UNK
unfocused screenplay 	UNK
for all its social and political potential , state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful . 	UNK
rollerball left us cold 	UNK
vibrant , and intelligent 	UNK
if you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy . 	UNK
so sloppy , 	UNK
wall-to-wall good time 	UNK
's just brilliant in this 	UNK
, ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing ... 	UNK
his strongest performance since the doors 	UNK
most refreshing about real women have curves 	UNK
an unsettling sight 	UNK
where nothing 's happening 	UNK
stultifyingly obvious 	UNK
's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy 	UNK
raucously amusing 	UNK
marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today 	UNK
seems manufactured to me and artificial 	UNK
is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil 	UNK
as sexy 	UNK
dreary mess 	UNK
fun , curiously adolescent movie 	UNK
it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii . 	UNK
your pooper-scoopers 	UNK
... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . ' 	UNK
while this film has an ` a ' list cast and some strong supporting players 	UNK
comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness 	UNK
the plight 	UNK
gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , 	UNK
addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat 	UNK
most pitiful directing 	UNK
poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue 	UNK
a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian 	UNK
despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development 	UNK
it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities 	UNK
: it 's not scary in the slightest . 	UNK
what 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller 	UNK
is both gripping and compelling 	UNK
that 's right 	UNK
epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star . 	UNK
the saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and the quiet american brings us right into the center of that world 	UNK
though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude . 	UNK
leaving you with some laughs and a smile 	UNK
timeless and unique perspective 	UNK
it is very difficult to care about the character 	UNK
it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action . 	UNK
that you 'll want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment 	UNK
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . 	UNK
to a small star with big heart 	UNK
seen in that light 	UNK
shrewd enough 	UNK
less compelling than the circumstances of its making 	UNK
dramatic nor 	UNK
into the modern rut of narrative banality 	UNK
string 	UNK
more holes 	UNK
is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb . 	UNK
the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing 	UNK
'd need a shower 	UNK
new star wars movie 	UNK
be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images 	UNK
fairly enjoyable mixture 	UNK
nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored . 	UNK
exhilarating 	UNK
opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog 	UNK
a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni 	UNK
turn on many people 	UNK
too bad to be good and 	UNK
be a talky bore 	UNK
with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks 	UNK
celebrates 	UNK
's not a bad premise , just a bad movie 	UNK
a sweet little girl 	UNK
the awe 	UNK
proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary 	UNK
it 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems 	UNK
the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 	UNK
does n't try to surprise us with plot twists 	UNK
funnier version of the old police academy flicks 	UNK
`` bad '' is the operative word for `` bad company , '' and i do n't mean that in a good way . 	UNK
a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then 	UNK
puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting . 	UNK
overrides 	UNK
of disconnection 	UNK
the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks 	UNK
is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it 	UNK
are served with a hack script . 	UNK
, sweet , and intermittently hilarious 	UNK
's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism 	UNK
that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis 	UNK
satisfying crime drama 	UNK
as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter 	UNK
refreshing and comical 	UNK
more watchable 	UNK
low , very low 	UNK
the script 's flaws 	UNK
take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going 	UNK
twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch 	UNK
the empty stud knockabout 	UNK
a low-budget hybrid 	UNK
a hilarious ode 	UNK
you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you 	UNK
an absorbing and unsettling psychological drama . 	UNK
bad animation 	UNK
fresh or enjoyable 	UNK
excruciating demonstration 	UNK
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written 	UNK
exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , 	UNK
keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes 	UNK
excitement 	UNK
part biography , part entertainment and 	UNK
high-wattage brainpower 	UNK
are ... impeccable throughout 	UNK
surprisingly idealistic 	UNK
is a tribute to shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project . 	UNK
honest working man john q. archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher 	UNK
a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman . 	UNK
do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation 	UNK
its courageousness , and comedic employment 	UNK
turgid fable 	UNK
take on the soullessness of work 	UNK
` dumb 	UNK
michael moore 's bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` are we a sick society ? ' 	UNK
tepid genre offering 	UNK
its mean-spirited second half 	UNK
no better or worse than ` truth or consequences , n.m. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia 	UNK
is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction . 	UNK
there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back 	UNK
apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice . 	UNK
the film is one of the year 's best . 	UNK
collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence . 	UNK
when you doze off thirty minutes into the film 	UNK
astonishingly condescending 	UNK
screwing 	UNK
is merited 	UNK
experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads 	UNK
the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative . 	UNK
preachy-keen 	UNK
intriguing twist 	UNK
's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free 	UNK
damned 	UNK
the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman 	UNK
a superlative b movie 	UNK
would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film 	UNK
's a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film . 	UNK
too many flashbacks 	UNK
for laughs and not the last time 	UNK
single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department 	UNK
if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous 	UNK
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , 	UNK
completely awful iranian drama 	UNK
real 	UNK
drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing 	UNK
leguizamo 's best movie work 	UNK
eager to please 	UNK
bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made . 	UNK
a winning piece 	UNK
the historical , philosophical 	UNK
a much larger historical context 	UNK
no quarter to anyone 	UNK
film that loses sight of its own story . 	UNK
a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience 	UNK
a harrowing account of a psychological breakdown . 	UNK
to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and 	UNK
might enjoy this 	UNK
funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful 	UNK
's no energy . 	UNK
utterly incompetent 	UNK
the gabbiest giant-screen movie 	UNK
bloodbath 	UNK
incoherence and redundancy 	UNK
from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron 	UNK
raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings . 	UNK
gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo 	UNK
your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes 	UNK
a funny moment or two 	UNK
great one 	UNK
rock and stolid anthony hopkins 	UNK
appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites . 	UNK
an exceptionally 	UNK
it is formula filmmaking 	UNK
both ugly and mindless 	UNK
that interest attal and gainsbourg 	UNK
patriotic 	UNK
in their cheap , b movie way 	UNK
driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ... 	UNK
were written by somebody else 	UNK
illuminating comedy 	UNK
a ravishing , baroque beauty 	UNK
the script boasts some tart tv-insider humor , 	UNK
does n't really know or care about the characters 	UNK
slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth 	UNK
is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears . 	UNK
filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible . 	UNK
best and most exciting movies 	UNK
is a bowser . 	UNK
of discovery 	UNK
exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere . 	UNK
limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly 	UNK
... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy . 	UNK
is both inspiring and pure joy . 	UNK
a liability 	UNK
atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie 	UNK
will all but take you to outer space 	UNK
like such a bore 	UNK
the film does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously 	UNK
is no doubt that krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone 	UNK
aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness 	UNK
high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky . 	UNK
woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody . 	UNK
not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy 	UNK
its just not a thrilling movie 	UNK
the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay 	UNK
a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and 	UNK
it 's so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it . 	UNK
a dysfunctional parent-child relationship 	UNK
a boring , pretentious waste 	UNK
you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes 	UNK
make it look as though they are having so much fun 	UNK
one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen 	UNK
a very funny romantic comedy 	UNK
've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama 	UNK
feel genuinely good 	UNK
miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout 	UNK
a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 . 	UNK
manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it . 	UNK
, it 's exploitive without being insightful . 	UNK
with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers 	UNK
even lazier and far less enjoyable 	UNK
so insatiable 	UNK
a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points 	UNK
horrifying and oppressively tragic 	UNK
postcard perfect , 	UNK
to its proper home 	UNK
wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time 	UNK
warm and fuzzy 	UNK
sometimes makes less sense than the bruckheimeresque american action flicks it emulates . 	UNK
good ideas 	UNK
a strict reality 	UNK
, laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry . 	UNK
anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes 	UNK
... plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family . 	UNK
light ( yet unsentimental ) 	UNK
will welcome or accept the trials of henry kissinger as faithful portraiture 	UNK
a funny , triumphant , and 	UNK
that i usually dread encountering the most 	UNK
our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile 	UNK
, i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have . 	UNK
well worth revisiting as many times as possible 	UNK
shakespeare 's eloquent language 	UNK
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- 	UNK
too clumsy in key moments 	UNK
, this quirky soccer import is forgettable 	UNK
a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films 	UNK
onto the end credits 	UNK
comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible . 	UNK
scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting . 	UNK
that it 's so not-at-all-good 	UNK
enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references 	UNK
only in making me groggy 	UNK
plenty to offend everyone 	UNK
dissing the film 	UNK
from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair 	UNK
disease 	UNK
to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and 	UNK
makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a 	UNK
for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best irish sense 	UNK
is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value 	UNK
's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor . 	UNK
one of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking . 	UNK
a blast 	UNK
quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles 	UNK
i suspect it might deliver again and again 	UNK
simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality . 	UNK
is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy 	UNK
what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination . 	UNK
be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace 	UNK
hear george orwell turning over 	UNK
may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie 	UNK
pedestrian , flat drama 	UNK
long bore . 	UNK
good alternative 	UNK
, genuine 	UNK
an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication 	UNK
a cliché left 	UNK
it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen 	UNK
the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste 	UNK
draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them 	UNK
berling and béart ... continue to impress , and isabelle huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters 	UNK
the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation 	UNK
henry bean 's thoughtful screenplay 	UNK
you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down 	UNK
brainless 	UNK
christmas spirit 	UNK
scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances 	UNK
it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless 	UNK
a movie-industry satire 	UNK
call this film a lump of coal 	UNK
, biting and witty feature 	UNK
inconsistent 	UNK
honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction . 	UNK
it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen . 	UNK
matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks . 	UNK
mamet 's airless cinematic shell games . 	UNK
aimless 	UNK
constant smiles and 	UNK
of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story 	UNK
the saccharine sentimentality 	UNK
a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish . 	UNK
creative team 	UNK
covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. 	UNK
put through torture 	UNK
growing strain 	UNK
of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes 	UNK
the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection 	UNK
terrific flair 	UNK
of bad animation and mindless violence 	UNK
the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive 	UNK
taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion 	UNK
will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning . 	UNK
when it 's this rich and luscious 	UNK
beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . 	UNK
spiritual film taps 	UNK
to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed 	UNK
is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow . 	UNK
lamer 	UNK
of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm 	UNK
atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad 	UNK
evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks 	UNK
that is all the more remarkable because it 	UNK
a fudged opportunity 	UNK
this laughable dialogue 	UNK
go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year 	UNK
this is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks . 	UNK
our infantilized culture 	UNK
how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head 	UNK
a detailed historical document , 	UNK
flavors and emotions 	UNK
even the bull gets recycled . 	UNK
same sledgehammer appeal 	UNK
reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy 	UNK
displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard 	UNK
writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew 	UNK
gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing 	UNK
carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated 	UNK
perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d 	UNK
a cinematic corpse 	UNK
spectacularly 	UNK
this world more complex 	UNK
clueless 	UNK
may puzzle his most ardent fans . 	UNK
, the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss . 	UNK
exhaustingly 	UNK
that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge 	UNK
fail to crack a smile at 	UNK
sucks you 	UNK
grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments 	UNK
films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days . 	UNK
the sorriest and 	UNK
a low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord 	UNK
, finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee 	UNK
wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama 	UNK
of their first full flush of testosterone 	UNK
the strange horror of life 	UNK
winning comedy 	UNK
nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming 	UNK
by drawing me into the picture 	UNK
it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors . 	UNK
has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches 	UNK
political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country 	UNK
starts out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés . 	UNK
aimless , arduous , and 	UNK
yet overflows with wisdom and emotion . 	UNK
is interested 	UNK
the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . 	UNK
otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since christopher walken kinda romanced cyndi lauper in the opportunists 	UNK
inconsequential 	UNK
will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating 	UNK
gets molested 	UNK
masterfully controlled 	UNK
enriched 	UNK
adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book . 	UNK
right 	UNK
manic 	UNK
they are having so much fun 	UNK
superb production values & christian bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot . 	UNK
one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm . 	UNK
it 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after . 	UNK
it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject 	UNK
unlike trey parker , sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself . 	UNK
is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned . 	UNK
its audience giddy with the delight of discovery 	UNK
has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable . 	UNK
to make a big splash 	UNK
is that its own action is n't very effective 	UNK
the sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack 	UNK
do n't even bother to rent this on video 	UNK
, no such thing is hartley 's least accessible screed yet . 	UNK
charming and 	UNK
a laugh 	UNK
... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done . 	UNK
a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 	UNK
momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable 	UNK
of b-movie excitement 	UNK
, powerful act 	UNK
its relaxed , 	UNK
is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often 	UNK
that came to define a generation 	UNK
smarter than your average bond 	UNK
look too deep into the story 	UNK
the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is . 	UNK
a live-wire film that 	UNK
` santa clause 2 ' is wondrously creative . 	UNK
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , 	UNK
elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires 	UNK
's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships . 	UNK
the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion 	UNK
felt trapped and with no obvious escape 	UNK
technical skill and rare depth 	UNK
of virtuosic set pieces 	UNK
the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , 	UNK
a work of enthralling drama 	UNK
always brooding 	UNK
's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough . 	UNK
if you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you 	UNK
the wake of saving private ryan 	UNK
that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front 	UNK
a loquacious and dreary piece 	UNK
once she lets her love depraved leads meet , ( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 	UNK
just fell apart 	UNK
it does n't leave you with much . 	UNK
takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience 	UNK
great monster/science fiction flicks 	UNK
perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , 	UNK
gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching 	UNK
is a very good viewing alternative for young women 	UNK
better hip-hop clips 	UNK
a host of splendid performances 	UNK
being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances 	UNK
shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling . 	UNK
that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project 	UNK
del 	UNK
bogus spiritualism 	UNK
deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 	UNK
above the run-of-the-mill singles blender 	UNK
lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy . 	UNK
phenomenal , especially 	UNK
predictable denouement 	UNK
quentin tarantino 's climactic shootout 	UNK
so badly 	UNK
all too clever complexity 	UNK
slightly naughty , just-above-average off 	UNK
carvey 's considerable talents 	UNK
wiser 	UNK
absurd finale 	UNK
are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach 	UNK
it does n't even seem like she tried . 	UNK
that was n't all that great to begin with 	UNK
notorious c.h.o. still feels like a promising work-in-progress 	UNK
are clinically depressed 	UNK
a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications 	UNK
emotional evolution 	UNK
a little uneven to be the cat 's meow , 	UNK
's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true . 	UNK
stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king . 	UNK
makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing 	UNK
a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman . 	UNK
, the production works more often than it does n't . 	UNK
direct-to-video ' release 	UNK
that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo 	UNK
being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project 	UNK
especially fine 	UNK
are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances . 	UNK
smoky and 	UNK
does justice 	UNK
enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle 	UNK
acting like puppets 	UNK
memorable and resourceful performances 	UNK
the story has its redundancies , and 	UNK
do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some 	UNK
's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii 	UNK
a flat , plodding picture 	UNK
plight and isolation 	UNK
done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen 	UNK
will wind up as glum as mr. de niro 	UNK
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago 	UNK
a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' 	UNK
an unseemly pleasure 	UNK
who re-invents himself 	UNK
is brilliant 	UNK
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals 	UNK
there 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... 	UNK
much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives 	UNK
by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen 	UNK
a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still 	UNK
beautifully read and 	UNK
a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from stock character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination 	UNK
of romantic obsession 	UNK
a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of japanese animation 	UNK
of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph 	UNK
going to love the piano teacher 	UNK
is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound 	UNK
talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark . 	UNK
spiked with raw urban humor 	UNK
is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects 	UNK
pleasingly upbeat 	UNK
sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest 	UNK
a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power 	UNK
its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless . 	UNK
endearing and well-lensed 	UNK
a deeply humanistic artist 	UNK
not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face 	UNK
soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation . 	UNK
visceral , nasty journey 	UNK
created a provocative , 	UNK
fontaine masterfully 	UNK
juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films 	UNK
is a clear case of preaching to the converted 	UNK
the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself . 	UNK
it 's a big idea 	UNK
the shadows of motown 	UNK
pig 	UNK
soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard 	UNK
a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar 's time 	UNK
can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history . 	UNK
would n't turn down a big bowl of that 	UNK
stimulating and 	UNK
it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek 	UNK
the special effects are ` german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes 	UNK
complicated characters 	UNK
smoothly 	UNK
to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them 	UNK
most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i 	UNK
content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance . 	UNK
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study 	UNK
a solid and refined piece of moviemaking 	UNK
as padded as allen 's jelly belly 	UNK
having so much fun 	UNK
with strangeness than excellence 	UNK
mumbo jumbo 	UNK
kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers 	UNK
seldom hammy 	UNK
his lack of faith in his audience 	UNK
behave like kids 	UNK
bravery and integrity 	UNK
slapstick 	UNK
makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow 	UNK
a native american 	UNK
twenty years later , e.t. is still a cinematic touchstone . 	UNK
a clichéd and shallow cautionary tale 	UNK
the answers 	UNK
( t ) his slop does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen . 	UNK
hooting 	UNK
appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up 	UNK
changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say 	UNK
like a 10-course banquet 	UNK
it 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good . 	UNK
has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation 	UNK
darling 	UNK
colorful , semimusical 	UNK
finally revel in its splendor 	UNK
is simply tired 	UNK
touching and tender 	UNK
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust 	UNK
finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s 	UNK
the brave , uninhibited performances 	UNK
grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care 	UNK
've grown tired of going where no man has gone before 	UNK
it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly 	UNK
skeptics 	UNK
is certainly worth seeing at least once 	UNK
totally disorientated 	UNK
motionless characters 	UNK
played and smartly 	UNK
by the time it 's done with us , mira nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over 	UNK
actor raymond j. barry is perfectly creepy and believable . 	UNK
is stiff or just plain bad 	UNK
it 's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but . 	UNK
i 've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama . 	UNK
's still damn funny stuff 	UNK
an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues 	UNK
you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film 	UNK
justifies 	UNK
the tortured husband 	UNK
the worst thing 	UNK
richly 	UNK
another cool crime movie 	UNK
a ruffle in what is already an erratic career 	UNK
mib ii '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless . 	UNK
the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make . 	UNK
been a hoot in a bad-movie way 	UNK
inadvertent ones 	UNK
of crap 	UNK
it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain 	UNK
most plain , unimaginative 	UNK
the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , 	UNK
love moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions 	UNK
a better vehicle 	UNK
it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies 	UNK
red dragon '' never cuts corners . 	UNK
like a typical bible killer story 	UNK
is technically sophisticated in the worst way 	UNK
the beast should definitely get top billing 	UNK
( and its palate ) 	UNK
the chatter of parrots raised on oprah 	UNK
... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind . 	UNK
its leaden acting , 	UNK
have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching . 	UNK
things fall apart 	UNK
choreographed 	UNK
again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone 	UNK
will leave you thinking 	UNK
sanctimonious , self-righteous 	UNK
enjoy the hot chick 	UNK
intense and engrossing 	UNK
, the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way . 	UNK
give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour . 	UNK
'' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings 	UNK
encouraging thought 	UNK
highly uneven and inconsistent ... margarita happy hour kinda 	UNK
stock clichés 	UNK
its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and 	UNK
are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense 	UNK
badly-rendered cgi effects 	UNK
the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans 	UNK
that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma 	UNK
a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt 	UNK
will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face . 	UNK
eloquent ( meditation ) on death 	UNK
that deals with first love sweetly 	UNK
a 75-minute sample of puerile 	UNK
delight your senses and 	UNK
is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut . 	UNK
it 's also one of the smartest 	UNK
maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back 	UNK
the picture in some evocative shades 	UNK
humor , warmth 	UNK
astonishing ... 	UNK
i do n't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money . 	UNK
of cookie-cutter action scenes 	UNK
touching good sense 	UNK
a film of quiet power . 	UNK
some of the worst dialogue 	UNK
very valuable film 	UNK
offers some flashy twists 	UNK
a pressure cooker of horrified awe 	UNK
from the incongruous but chemically 	UNK
touched 	UNK
moments of hilarity to be had 	UNK
whatever complaints i might have , i 'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor 's club any time . 	UNK
, singing , and unforgettable characters 	UNK
there may have been a good film in `` trouble every day , '' but it is not what is on the screen . 	UNK
it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion 	UNK
to bother pleasuring its audience 	UNK
much stranger than any fiction 	UNK
that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar 	UNK
to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies 	UNK
if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits 	UNK
make a gorgeous pair ... 	UNK
manipulative whitewash 	UNK
want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned . 	UNK
create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment 	UNK
rightly 	UNK
layered , well-developed characters 	UNK
into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill 	UNK
it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring 	UNK
is slow to those of us in middle age 	UNK
features some decent performances 	UNK
gem 	UNK
one fantastic ( and educational ) documentary . 	UNK
idiotic court maneuvers 	UNK
( it 's ) what punk rock music used to be , 	UNK
rushed , slapdash 	UNK
find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination 	UNK
add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale 	UNK
most intense psychological mysteries 	UNK
at all the wrong times 	UNK
princesses 	UNK
86 minutes too long 	UNK
truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining 	UNK
shine 	UNK
in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , but in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life . 	UNK
a captivating and intimate study 	UNK
what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about canadians 	UNK
... plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . 	UNK
more than its fair share of saucy hilarity . 	UNK
a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and 	UNK
allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title 	UNK
to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with 	UNK
never reach satisfying conclusions 	UNK
who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground 	UNK
which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 	UNK
is that there is never any question of how things will turn out 	UNK
's plotless , shapeless 	UNK
hence , storytelling is far more appealing 	UNK
imagination and insight 	UNK
a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue 	UNK
someone other than the director 	UNK
the formula feel fresh 	UNK
silly and 	UNK
the books are better 	UNK
the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making . 	UNK
to the tailor for some major alterations 	UNK
a gawky actor 	UNK
than this hastily dubbed disaster 	UNK
clever 	UNK
with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism 	UNK
that writer and director burr steers knows the territory 	UNK
that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it 	UNK
have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances 	UNK
a truly wonderful tale 	UNK
goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy 	UNK
of diverse political perspectives 	UNK
be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama 	UNK
are infants 	UNK
recommend secretary , 	UNK
a quick-buck sequel 	UNK
gorgeous film 	UNK
we started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine . 	UNK
the result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable . 	UNK
may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain 	UNK
a glossy rehash 	UNK
the best possible senses of both those words 	UNK
like crap 	UNK
intense 	UNK
scenic splendor 	UNK
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' 	UNK
the same easy targets 	UNK
's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame . 	UNK
that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes 	UNK
most intriguing movie experiences 	UNK
perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's 	UNK
by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music 	UNK
desperation worthy 	UNK
find little new 	UNK
the subject matter is as adult as you can get 	UNK
has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and 	UNK
a sharper , cleaner script 	UNK
an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , 	UNK
's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions . 	UNK
kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper . 	UNK
is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination 	UNK
the filmmakers could dredge up 	UNK
finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed 	UNK
much to do , too little time to do it in 	UNK
bitter taste 	UNK
neglecting character development 	UNK
the one that i want 	UNK
ends with a whimper 	UNK
expanded vision 	UNK
passion , grief and fear 	UNK
is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another 	UNK
are very , very good reasons for certain movies 	UNK
contemptible 	UNK
a small movie with a big heart 	UNK
of the universal themes , earnest performances 	UNK
a life interestingly 	UNK
surprising , subtle 	UNK
is dudsville 	UNK
the same old bad trip 	UNK
suffers from a flat script and a low budget . 	UNK
seduce and 	UNK
time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable . 	UNK
mere plot pawn 	UNK
so bland and utterly forgettable 	UNK
describe exactly how bad it is 	UNK
less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story 	UNK
strong and unforced supporting cast 	UNK
that this bold move works 	UNK
teeth-clenching gusto 	UNK
action scenes 	UNK
is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee . 	UNK
by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics 	UNK
meal 	UNK
make a huge action sequence 	UNK
combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched . 	UNK
vibrant and intoxicating 	UNK
she lets her love depraved leads meet , ( denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle 	UNK
helps little 	UNK
wo n't see the next six 	UNK
fresh , 	UNK
the power of the huston performance , 	UNK
the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic 	UNK
articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy 	UNK
is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio . 	UNK
importance 	UNK
they never succeed in really rattling the viewer 	UNK
a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that 	UNK
full well 	UNK
of unbridled greed and materalism 	UNK
an awkward hybrid 	UNK
with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars 	UNK
stand out 	UNK
priceless 	UNK
's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure . 	UNK
huge-screen 	UNK
looks 	UNK
of its sweeping battle scenes 	UNK
most hackneyed 	UNK
'' starts out like a typical bible killer story 	UNK
extended dialogue exercise 	UNK
a fiercely clever and subtle film 	UNK
played-out 	UNK
fiendishly 	UNK
confused in death to smoochy 	UNK
communicate the truth of the world 	UNK
the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ( though no less horrifying for it ) 	UNK
a failure as straight drama 	UNK
one of the world 's most fascinating stories 	UNK
that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse 	UNK
that are n't so substantial or fresh 	UNK
think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity . 	UNK
romp of a film . 	UNK
is a deeply unpleasant experience 	UNK
sensitive ensemble performances 	UNK
delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama 	UNK
is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere 	UNK
does such a good job of it 	UNK
, alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing . 	UNK
an intense and engrossing head-trip 	UNK
has no affect on the kurds 	UNK
enjoyable level 	UNK
is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation . 	UNK
a hint 	UNK
a terrific performance 	UNK
fully engaged supporting cast 	UNK
is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones 	UNK
an unrewarding collar 	UNK
a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times 	UNK
strong , measured work 	UNK
badder than bad 	UNK
not 	UNK
a marginal thumbs up 	UNK
forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting . 	UNK
symbolic 	UNK
snail-like 	UNK
it 's a bargain-basement european pickup . 	UNK
the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture 	UNK
compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get . 	UNK
headed east , far east , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie 	UNK
, it 's contrived and predictable 	UNK
this is not a jackie chan movie . 	UNK
nothing new 	UNK
more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway 	UNK
once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional . 	UNK
her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost . 	UNK
sinuously plotted 	UNK
the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , 	UNK
the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level . 	UNK
welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees 	UNK
truly , truly bad movie 	UNK
poignancy 	UNK
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , 	UNK
slim hopes and dreams 	UNK
sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness 	UNK
will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 . 	UNK
sundance festival 	UNK
makes it a party worth attending 	UNK
... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once . 	UNK
glitz 	UNK
disappointingly generic nature 	UNK
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point 	UNK
the sparse instances of humor 	UNK
choppy , surface-effect feeling 	UNK
boxes these women 's souls right open for us . 	UNK
will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	UNK
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy 	UNK
the amazing spider-man 	UNK
car wreck 	UNK
all-enveloping movie experience 	UNK
of trashy , kinky fun 	UNK
engrossing entertainment 	UNK
animation enthusiasts 	UNK
pitifully 	UNK
roman polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` shindler 's list ' 	UNK
snow white 	UNK
friends 	UNK
smile-button 	UNK
what enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates . 	UNK
this crude , 	UNK
the franchise 's best years 	UNK
wilde 's wit and 	UNK
such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball . 	UNK
'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense 	UNK
his smooth , shrewd , powerful act 	UNK
the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires 	UNK
is repulsive and depressing . 	UNK
appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off 	UNK
kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth 	UNK
right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination 	UNK
would know what to make of this italian freakshow 	UNK
poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures . 	UNK
is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation . 	UNK
lackadaisical plotting and mindless action 	UNK
a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen 	UNK
much ado about something is an amicable endeavor . 	UNK
uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely . 	UNK
, this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully . 	UNK
victorious revolutionaries 	UNK
the cleverness , 	UNK
's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer . 	UNK
follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling . 	UNK
hilariously , gloriously alive 	UNK
boxes these women 's souls right open for us 	UNK
hindered 	UNK
it 's supposed to be a romantic comedy 	UNK
zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but 	UNK
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience 	UNK
strangely sinister happy ending 	UNK
the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing 	UNK
the dead horse of surprise 	UNK
wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion 	UNK
adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special 	UNK
real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros . 	UNK
bitter pill 	UNK
enough innovation or pizazz 	UNK
edge or 	UNK
seldom hammy , 	UNK
arcane area 	UNK
should never forget 	UNK
elaborate choreography 	UNK
no psychology here , and no real narrative logic 	UNK
is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their *** off for an hour-and-a-half 	UNK
help increase an average student 's self-esteem 	UNK
in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise 	UNK
shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable . 	UNK
wryly 	UNK
a ham-fisted sermon 	UNK
grand fart 	UNK
resolutely downbeat 	UNK
well-rounded 	UNK
this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted 	UNK
for sick and demented humor simply 	UNK
his fake backdrops and stately pacing 	UNK
collectively stellar performance 	UNK
fully realized story 	UNK
overly original 	UNK
but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness . 	UNK
the intoxicating fumes and 	UNK
it 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless . 	UNK
tragedy 	UNK
whether or not you buy mr. broomfield 's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr. broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover . 	UNK
turn down 	UNK
zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and 	UNK
he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift . 	UNK
really special walk 	UNK
a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music 	UNK
documentarian 	UNK
a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , 	UNK
the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show . 	UNK
trust an audience 's intelligence 	UNK
tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but 	UNK
costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink laurence olivier 	UNK
excites the imagination and 	UNK
is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects 	UNK
trying to laugh at how bad 	UNK
that is masterly 	UNK
runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . 	UNK
very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience . 	UNK
's badder than bad 	UNK
certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , eight crazy nights is a total misfire . 	UNK
of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation 	UNK
all things we 've seen before 	UNK
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously 	UNK
overlong soap 	UNK
gorgeous , passionate 	UNK
the soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit 	UNK
it entertaining 	UNK
the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness 	UNK
falls down 	UNK
, old-fashioned-movie movie 	UNK
spiteful 	UNK
finely tuned 	UNK
a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for 	UNK
trashy , kinky fun 	UNK
see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! 	UNK
it 's so not-at-all-good 	UNK
wicked black comedy 	UNK
star trek was kind of terrific once , 	UNK
translate well to the screen 	UNK
directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . 	UNK
allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being 	UNK
poo . 	UNK
a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes 	UNK
yank 	UNK
visually smart 	UNK
evelyn comes from the heart . 	UNK
it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance . 	UNK
is good , 	UNK
`` serving sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff 	UNK
worth the concentration 	UNK
regards reign of fire with awe . 	UNK
futuristic women in skimpy clothes 	UNK
cheesy b-movie 	UNK
one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times 	UNK
what makes the film special 	UNK
the charms of the lead performances 	UNK
nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully . 	UNK
waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense . 	UNK
a high note 	UNK
this kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors . 	UNK
funny performers 	UNK
exuberance in all 	UNK
to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning 	UNK
into romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going 	UNK
when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over 	UNK
and suspenseful argentinian thriller 	UNK
light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl -- 	UNK
of my least favorite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it 	UNK
transparently 	UNK
majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident . 	UNK
compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , runteldat is something of a triumph . 	UNK
it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject 	UNK
another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures . 	UNK
have sprung from such a great one 	UNK
the most practiced curmudgeon 	UNK
( a ) painfully flat gross-out comedy ... 	UNK
director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . 	UNK
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock 's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal . 	UNK
legally blonde and sweet home abomination 	UNK
are missing -- 	UNK
competent 	UNK
a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships 	UNK
lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma 	UNK
that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance 	UNK
encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation 	UNK
a high-spirited buddy movie 	UNK
thoroughly enjoyable 	UNK
flat , plodding picture 	UNK
generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy 	UNK
one of the rarest kinds of films : 	UNK
` dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue . 	UNK
hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film 	UNK
good documentary 	UNK
that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits 	UNK
but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes . 	UNK
creepy stories 	UNK
appealing character quirks 	UNK
its relaxed 	UNK
compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality 	UNK
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , 	UNK
ghetto 	UNK
there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it 	UNK
when ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre . 	UNK
is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen 	UNK
replaced by romance-novel platitudes 	UNK
if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese 	UNK
wreckage 	UNK
maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral . 	UNK
if you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ?!? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out 	UNK
i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort . 	UNK
's a loathsome movie 	UNK
how the movie could be released in this condition 	UNK
in chilling style 	UNK
belongs on the big screen 	UNK
is unconvincing 	UNK
keep - 'em 	UNK
mourns 	UNK
an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labeled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' 	UNK
'll still have a good time . '' 	UNK
strong and confident work 	UNK
this saga would be terrific to read about 	UNK
audience award 	UNK
, life-affirming moments 	UNK
by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best . 	UNK
an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds . 	UNK
, sad dance 	UNK
from blushing to gushing -- imamura squirts the screen in ` warm water under a red bridge ' 	UNK
distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register 	UNK
this is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes . 	UNK
despite the film 's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving . 	UNK
very welcome 	UNK
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , 	UNK
a droll , 	UNK
neglects to add the magic that made it all work 	UNK
squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock . 	UNK
making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers 	UNK
nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , 	UNK
( a ) devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama . 	UNK
accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie 	UNK
some real vitality and even 	UNK
delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted 	UNK
me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters 	UNK
olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society . 	UNK
is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem . 	UNK
catches the chaotic horror 	UNK
an action hero with table manners , 	UNK
tripe 	UNK
never 	UNK
why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers 	UNK
there 's no place for this story to go but down 	UNK
invented 	UNK
a funny and well-contructed black comedy 	UNK
swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros 	UNK
ordinary and obvious 	UNK
the dangerous lives of altar boys ' take on adolescence feels painfully true . 	UNK
makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film 	UNK
a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture 	UNK
drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst . 	UNK
loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - 	UNK
beautiful , timeless and universal tale 	UNK
at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life 	UNK
a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus 	UNK
entertainingly nasty 	UNK
seeing because it 's so bad 	UNK
is pure , exciting moviemaking 	UNK
waste their time 	UNK
arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact 	UNK
' appeared in 1938 	UNK
how very bad a motion picture can truly be 	UNK
love its fantasy and adventure 	UNK
is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art 	UNK
of kitsch hard going 	UNK
one of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme 	UNK
spider web . 	UNK
cold-fish 	UNK
violence overshadows everything 	UNK
among the best films of the year . 	UNK
your reward 	UNK
find it fascinating 	UNK
is pleasant , diverting and modest 	UNK
tired , predictable 	UNK
a desperate miscalculation 	UNK
expand a tv show 	UNK
lifting the pedestal higher 	UNK
is so fascinating 	UNK
pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences 	UNK
dopey dialogue 	UNK
a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway 	UNK
through its flaws , revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling 	UNK
( an ) absorbing documentary . 	UNK
crude 	UNK
scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theaters graced with its company . 	UNK
forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year 	UNK
narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . 	UNK
everything too safe 	UNK
the movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing . 	UNK
, sexist 	UNK
so badly made on every level 	UNK
their way around this movie directionless 	UNK
every joke is repeated at least -- 	UNK
serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves 	UNK
as the novel on which it 's based 	UNK
get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture 	UNK
what bubbles up out of john c. walsh 's pipe dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch . 	UNK
smart jokes 	UNK
leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain 	UNK
turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach 	UNK
he has severe body odor 	UNK
a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious 	UNK
enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright 	UNK
honoring 	UNK
i 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - arnold is not , nor will he be , back . 	UNK
hoffman 's powerful acting clinic 	UNK
who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing 	UNK
a low , smoky and inviting sizzle 	UNK
take center screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side 	UNK
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was ... hence , storytelling is far more appealing . 	UNK
its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale 	UNK
smutty 	UNK
in its characters ' frustrations 	UNK
you 'll cry for your money back . 	UNK
does n't do a load of good 	UNK
great scares and a good surprise ending 	UNK
men with guns 	UNK
funny and pithy 	UNK
ended so damned soon 	UNK
emerges a radiant character portrait 	UNK
the victims 	UNK
does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . 	UNK
unlike lots of hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises . 	UNK
a solid , spooky entertainment 	UNK
does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . ' 	UNK
does n't add anything fresh to the myth 	UNK
to a dumb story 	UNK
is wrong in its sequel . 	UNK
deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of russian history . 	UNK
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet 	UNK
has moments of inspired humor 	UNK
color and depth , and 	UNK
just does n't cut it 	UNK
filmmaker stacy peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with sean penn 's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it . 	UNK
rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine . 	UNK
, spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world . 	UNK
keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity . 	UNK
's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ? 	UNK
is a mess from start to finish . 	UNK
forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable 	UNK
good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short 	UNK
that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea 	UNK
jumps around with little logic or continuity 	UNK
, it 's an unhappy situation all around . 	UNK
ridiculous bolero 	UNK
distressingly 	UNK
extreme ops '' exceeds expectations . 	UNK
does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain 	UNK
typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing 	UNK
lingerie models and bar dancers 	UNK
full , irritating display 	UNK
a fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries 	UNK
viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout . 	UNK
not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense 	UNK
disgust 	UNK
, martin is a masterfully conducted work . 	UNK
beautiful movement and inside information 	UNK
it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , 	UNK
some bad singer-turned actors 	UNK
a movie ever could be 	UNK
but it 's surprisingly harmless . 	UNK
glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum 	UNK
grounded 	UNK
a light , fun cheese puff 	UNK
a feel-good movie 	UNK
are rolling over in their graves 	UNK
than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s 	UNK
, even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything 	UNK
those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it 	UNK
immersed in love , lust , and sin 	UNK
too violent and sordid to function as comedy 	UNK
for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation 	UNK
what saves it ... and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice . 	UNK
its own cuteness 	UNK
it 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . 	UNK
trying to please his mom 	UNK
boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival 	UNK
that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory 	UNK
's never as solid as you want it to be 	UNK
aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives 	UNK
disjointed parody . 	UNK
one of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies i 've ever seen . 	UNK
`` freaky friday , '' it 's not . 	UNK
give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood 	UNK
such a worthless film 	UNK
very enjoyable 	UNK
the overcooked , ham-fisted direction 	UNK
, wonderful 	UNK
bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking . 	UNK
a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , 	UNK
love and familial 	UNK
the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery 	UNK
happened to good actors 	UNK
sparse but oddly compelling . 	UNK
maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling 	UNK
white-knuckled 	UNK
decent tv outing 	UNK
a numbingly dull experience 	UNK
surprisingly shoddy makeup work 	UNK
an engaging and exciting narrative 	UNK
it 's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and chaykin and headly are priceless . 	UNK
to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry 	UNK
one sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot . 	UNK
less psycho 	UNK
have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen 	UNK
attractive 	UNK
that stands a good chance of being the big 	UNK
for cryin ' 	UNK
wannabe film 	UNK
very well shot or 	UNK
all comedy is subversive , 	UNK
utterly static picture 	UNK
baran is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children . 	UNK
as sappy as big daddy 	UNK
like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- 	UNK
powerfully evocative 	UNK
a sweet , charming tale 	UNK
there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael 	UNK
to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life 	UNK
through crap like this 	UNK
polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style . 	UNK
choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic 	UNK
'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama . 	UNK
you open yourself up to mr. reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set 	UNK
a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion 	UNK
crude humor and vulgar innuendo 	UNK
once playful and haunting 	UNK
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph 	UNK
in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him 	UNK
has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ... 	UNK
universal human impulse 	UNK
the concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers . 	UNK
has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud ... and parmentier 	UNK
opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful 	UNK
, confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually 	UNK
's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 	UNK
is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor 	UNK
slightly humorous and tender story 	UNK
, fat , dumb 	UNK
, intermittently powerful study 	UNK
is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished . 	UNK
an actor this uncharismatically beautiful 	UNK
preposterous 	UNK
, starving and untalented 	UNK
's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events 	UNK
take center screen 	UNK
this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force . 	UNK
a soulless jumble of ineptly 	UNK
jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging 	UNK
share it 	UNK
the historical period and 	UNK
abomination 	UNK
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture . 	UNK
a trifle flat 	UNK
it 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones 	UNK
of too much kid-vid 	UNK
if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but was n't , guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor . 	UNK
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s . 	UNK
exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . 	UNK
seeking christian-themed fun 	UNK
it 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture . 	UNK
lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded . 	UNK
stirs us 	UNK
almost never fails him 	UNK
exceptionally well-acted 	UNK
is just generally insulting 	UNK
fessenden continues to do interesting work , and 	UNK
an unforgettable 	UNK
heavy-handed 	UNK
no unifying rhythm or 	UNK
of the world 's greatest teacher 	UNK
, then you 're in for a painful ride . 	UNK
drug abuse , infidelity and 	UNK
moving portrait of an american ( and an america ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp 	UNK
's not scary in the slightest 	UNK
a full-frontal attack on audience patience . 	UNK
lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy 	UNK
the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between 	UNK
the timeless spectacle 	UNK
has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong . 	UNK
bluster and cliché 	UNK
the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product 	UNK
graham greene 's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by michael caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world . 	UNK
powerful people 	UNK
heartening tale 	UNK
the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged 	UNK
a bonus feature 	UNK
the one-liners are snappy 	UNK
maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy . 	UNK
be bored by as your abc 's 	UNK
weird 	UNK
solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me 	UNK
bother to rent this on video 	UNK
toss it at the screen in frustration 	UNK
motivated 	UNK
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of bollywood in the western world . 	UNK
takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers 	UNK
sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema 	UNK
, for that matter , shrek ) 	UNK
is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening 	UNK
high-octane thriller 	UNK
a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers 	UNK
bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery 	UNK
that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism 	UNK
viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike 	UNK
it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi . 	UNK
there 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way 	UNK
returns to his son 's home 	UNK
, the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is . 	UNK
extravagantly 	UNK
so beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses . 	UNK
compelling look 	UNK
the film is well-crafted and this one is 	UNK
disappointment 	UNK
good chance 	UNK
steals so freely from other movies 	UNK
made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes 	UNK
it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots 	UNK
into a typical romantic triangle 	UNK
one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema 	UNK
those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective . 	UNK
little melodramatic 	UNK
what makes esther kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony . 	UNK
is a children 's film in the truest sense . 	UNK
are often engaging 	UNK
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible 	UNK
dumbed-down version 	UNK
swedish 	UNK
that has nothing 	UNK
memorable and resourceful 	UNK
does n't generate a lot of energy 	UNK
thrilled 	UNK
by superb 	UNK
stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort 	UNK
a ghost story gone badly awry 	UNK
as unoriginal 	UNK
work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse . 	UNK
's no fizz 	UNK
one of the best rock documentaries ever . 	UNK
mined his personal horrors and 	UNK
delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity . 	UNK
deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy . 	UNK
admit it 's semi-amusing to watch robert deniro belt out `` when you 're a jet 	UNK
a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't 	UNK
there are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front . 	UNK
higher level 	UNK
as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type 	UNK
grab your kids and run and then 	UNK
truly awful 	UNK
is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy . 	UNK
is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid . 	UNK
night out 	UNK
's not half-bad . 	UNK
is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing 	UNK
catches you up in something bigger than yourself 	UNK
had no effect and 	UNK
brilliant surfing photography 	UNK
that proves you 	UNK
the most splendid 	UNK
is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying . 	UNK
that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun 	UNK
an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising 	UNK
the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma 	UNK
's an entertaining and informative documentary 	UNK
-- and deeply appealing 	UNK
most personal 	UNK
although fairly involving as far as it goes 	UNK
awful acts 	UNK
narcotized 	UNK
threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny 	UNK
, the film is a good one 	UNK
the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung . 	UNK
a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie 	UNK
an affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ... 	UNK
given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theaters for it 	UNK
a masterfully 	UNK
supplies with tremendous skill 	UNK
unusually crafty and intelligent 	UNK
perfect 	UNK
heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated 	UNK
of unsettling atmospherics 	UNK
so much fun 	UNK
like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama 	UNK
that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life 	UNK
the sentimental cliches 	UNK
prefer this new version 	UNK
, and to her inventive director 	UNK
educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them 	UNK
us all 	UNK
's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers 	UNK
the cat 's meow 	UNK
has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre 	UNK
b-movie imagination 	UNK
admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form . 	UNK
you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered 	UNK
borrows heavily 	UNK
at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it 	UNK
in the book-on-tape market , the film of `` the kid stays in the picture '' would be an abridged edition 	UNK
instructive 	UNK
right at home in this french shocker 	UNK
one of mr. chabrol 's subtlest works , 	UNK
giving up 	UNK
leaves a positive impression 	UNK
like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal 	UNK
of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts 	UNK
bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes 	UNK
no business going 	UNK
demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , 	UNK
a hazy high 	UNK
of von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke 	UNK
mind crappy movies as much as adults 	UNK
their computer-animated faces are very expressive . 	UNK
to perform entertaining tricks 	UNK
i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here . 	UNK
a provocative piece 	UNK
as good , if not 	UNK
a complete wash 	UNK
the actors make this worth a peek . 	UNK
has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes 	UNK
a war tribute is disgusting to begin with 	UNK
its own making 	UNK
sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one 	UNK
politically potent 	UNK
it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug . 	UNK
does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely 	UNK
delivers more goodies than lumps of coal 	UNK
emphasizes the well-wrought story and 	UNK
marked an emerging indian american cinema 	UNK
lacks 	UNK
gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable . 	UNK
family , forgiveness and love 	UNK
labored 	UNK
touching , 	UNK
even through its flaws , revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling 	UNK
sucked dry the undead action flick formula 	UNK
my wife is an actress works as well as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple . 	UNK
more measured or polished production 	UNK
makes 98 minutes feel like three hours . 	UNK
that ca n't totally hide its contrivances 	UNK
super-simple animation 	UNK
tosca 's intoxicating ardor 	UNK
next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` snl '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ? 	UNK
a verbal duel 	UNK
and cinematic deception 	UNK
of being a bit undisciplined 	UNK
point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover 	UNK
wildly overproduced 	UNK
note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget 	UNK
in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs 	UNK
the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy 	UNK
is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre 	UNK
as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac 	UNK
a good line in charm 	UNK
such a companionable couple 	UNK
relentlessly nasty 	UNK
95 minutes 	UNK
quirkily appealing 	UNK
elegant and sly deadpan 	UNK
` gentle ' 	UNK
will find millions of eager fans 	UNK
may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form . 	UNK
quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory . 	UNK
is an uncompromising film 	UNK
is like reading a research paper , 	UNK
offers a desperately ingratiating performance . 	UNK
strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain 	UNK
why , for instance , good things happen to bad people 	UNK
despicable 	UNK
open windows 	UNK
value can not be denied 	UNK
represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch 	UNK
well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious . 	UNK
overly long 	UNK
would subtlety be lost on the target audience 	UNK
a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good 	UNK
smart , compelling 	UNK
this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout 	UNK
is nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear 	UNK
world traveler gave me no reason to care 	UNK
proves to be a compelling 	UNK
felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend 	UNK
terrific screenplay 	UNK
what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is ! 	UNK
more ambitious 	UNK
seems worth the effort 	UNK
it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end 	UNK
may be convinced that he has something significant to say 	UNK
to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting . 	UNK
, boredom never takes hold . 	UNK
left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose 	UNK
exhilarating 	UNK
formula mercilessly 	UNK
great story 	UNK
is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas 	UNK
of faith in the future 	UNK
movie gauge 	UNK
gloriously 	UNK
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable . 	UNK
providing comic relief 	UNK
gentle and engrossing character 	UNK
whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man 	UNK
this is n't a movie ; 	UNK
does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution . 	UNK
an undeniable entertainment value 	UNK
invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games 	UNK
is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it . 	UNK
about something is an amicable endeavor . 	UNK
an excellent sequel . 	UNK
funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic 	UNK
impressively discreet filmmakers 	UNK
's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon 	UNK
the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating . 	UNK
provides 	UNK
insight and humor 	UNK
has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ... 	UNK
achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation 	UNK
this film 's impressive performances and 	UNK
futile concoction 	UNK
begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot . 	UNK
the slapstick is labored , and 	UNK
infantile 	UNK
raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up 	UNK
even a plot 	UNK
avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash 	UNK
feel realistic 	UNK
weirdness for the sake of weirdness 	UNK
unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor 	UNK
what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is . 	UNK
sags 	UNK
we do n't even like their characters . 	UNK
interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot 	UNK
could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions 	UNK
fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , 	UNK
is ) a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie 	UNK
the most ravaging , 	UNK
it wo n't hold up over the long haul 	UNK
have at it 	UNK
seamless 	UNK
of boring talking heads , etc . 	UNK
re-invents himself 	UNK
a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point 	UNK
occasionally loud and offensive , but more often 	UNK
the town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial . 	UNK
its sincere acting 	UNK
this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head 	UNK
well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but 	UNK
an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that 	UNK
balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner 	UNK
does n't even seem like she tried 	UNK
the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way . 	UNK
the impressive stagings of hardware 	UNK
that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel 	UNK
his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad 	UNK
it 's just grating 	UNK
stimulating 	UNK
sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard . 	UNK
did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting 	UNK
unusual but unfortunately also irritating 	UNK
two hours better watching 	UNK
tiresome rant 	UNK
is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies . 	UNK
such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play 	UNK
creative act 	UNK
hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation 	UNK
check this one out 	UNK
sparkling 	UNK
are based on stock clichés 	UNK
never so vividly 	UNK
i like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort . 	UNK
stand-up magic 	UNK
a solid , psychological action film from hong kong 	UNK
the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes 	UNK
create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch 	UNK
goose-pimple 	UNK
to see what all the fuss is about 	UNK
, the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture . 	UNK
some savvy street activism 	UNK
that 's still too burdened by the actor 	UNK
, she 's appealingly manic and energetic . 	UNK
urge to doze 	UNK
also nicely done 	UNK
a pretty decent little documentary 	UNK
temperamental 	UNK
is dark , brooding and slow , 	UNK
rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them . 	UNK
an intricate plot 	UNK
much of jonah simply , and gratefully 	UNK
humor and technological finish 	UNK
so lovely toward the end 	UNK
all mood and no movie . 	UNK
give it a boost 	UNK
if the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you 	UNK
fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark 	UNK
is one of the year 's best films . 	UNK
who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns 	UNK
stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim 	UNK
entirely humorless 	UNK
has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran . 	UNK
intellectual and 	UNK
engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2 	UNK
bloated effects 	UNK
its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm 	UNK
made a point or two regarding life 	UNK
by anything on display 	UNK
is entirely appealing as pumpkin 	UNK
a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day . 	UNK
this odd , poetic road movie , 	UNK
also wanted a little alien as a friend ! 	UNK
sets the tone for a summer of good stuff 	UNK
with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective 	UNK
tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span . 	UNK
try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored 	UNK
at the end that extravagantly redeems it 	UNK
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and 	UNK
snagged an oscar nomination 	UNK
to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy 	UNK
decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him 	UNK
par with the first one 	UNK
coos beseechingly at you 	UNK
the hot chick is pretty damned funny . 	UNK
approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson 's far side humor 	UNK
marred 	UNK
the bottom line , at least in my opinion , is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film . 	UNK
fringe feminist conspiracy theorist 	UNK
, meandering , and sometimes dry 	UNK
few good ideas 	UNK
a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional . 	UNK
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched 	UNK
inspiring , ironic , and 	UNK
is astonishing . 	UNK
, bile , and irony 	UNK
have put together a bold biographical fantasia 	UNK
despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela . 	UNK
's cliche to call the film ` refreshing 	UNK
weak 	UNK
of the best , most 	UNK
the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies 	UNK
misleading 	UNK
made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate 	UNK
is ) the comedy equivalent of saddam hussein 	UNK
the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse 	UNK
is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way 	UNK
new age 	UNK
intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary 	UNK
, it would gobble in dolby digital stereo . 	UNK
squirming 	UNK
a great piece 	UNK
is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters . 	UNK
why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ? 	UNK
quirky , charming 	UNK
the good , which is its essential problem 	UNK
forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense 	UNK
is a beautiful film to watch 	UNK
noyce 's greatest mistake 	UNK
feel-good family comedy 	UNK
you love the music , and i do 	UNK
a monster 	UNK
ensures 	UNK
a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated 	UNK
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people 	UNK
are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject 	UNK
is particularly impressive 	UNK
has enough moments to keep it entertaining 	UNK
from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground 	UNK
stylish exercise 	UNK
is a must for genre fans 	UNK
enthusiastic 	UNK
timelessness 	UNK
that you feel what they feel 	UNK
worth seeing just for weaver and lapaglia 	UNK
nightmarish 	UNK
a bit melodramatic and even a little dated 	UNK
wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles 	UNK
the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock 	UNK
barbershop is tuned in to its community . 	UNK
owed to benigni 	UNK
rated eee for excitement 	UNK
its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals 	UNK
muddy sound 	UNK
manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time 	UNK
as compelling 	UNK
is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying 	UNK
predictable at every turn 	UNK
volatile 	UNK
comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won 	UNK
, great to look at , and funny 	UNK
the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life 	UNK
dead ( water ) weight 	UNK
finds its tone and several scenes run 	UNK
're gon na like this movie 	UNK
, tedious 	UNK
kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk 	UNK
attractive throughout 	UNK
would have a hard time sitting through this one . 	UNK
the rarest kinds of films 	UNK
listen to extremist name-calling 	UNK
, painful improbability 	UNK
accomplishes 	UNK
are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack 	UNK
ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms. paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability . 	UNK
that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast 	UNK
strong itch to explore more 	UNK
perpetually wasted 	UNK
an intense experience 	UNK
feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism 	UNK
that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither 	UNK
, so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons . 	UNK
a must-see 	UNK
make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 	UNK
breaks your heart 	UNK
ick ' 	UNK
very original 	UNK
as giddy and whimsical and relevant today 	UNK
there is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling 	UNK
so hilarious 	UNK
an undeniably moving film 	UNK
compelling , amusing and unsettling 	UNK
the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot . 	UNK
not easily and , in the end , not well enough 	UNK
a different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of world war ii through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man 	UNK
that will enthrall the whole family 	UNK
awful 	UNK
stereotypical familial quandaries 	UNK
in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- 	UNK
enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins 	UNK
supporting 	UNK
excite 	UNK
both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny . 	UNK
of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates 	UNK
to find better entertainment 	UNK
the energetic and always surprising performance 	UNK
brady 	UNK
good laughs 	UNK
aloof and 	UNK
is careless and unfocused 	UNK
's brilliant ` videodrome 	UNK
to do , too little time to do it in 	UNK
a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie 	UNK
with revulsion 	UNK
the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand . 	UNK
enough to feel good about 	UNK
anti-feminist 	UNK
that has something to say 	UNK
enjoy as mild escapism 	UNK
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and 	UNK
dull . 	UNK
is to be mesmerised 	UNK
it is more likely to induce sleep than fright . 	UNK
may not 	UNK
imitations 	UNK
tough enough to fit in any modern action movie 	UNK
great performances , 	UNK
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time 	UNK
the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise 	UNK
jim carrey 	UNK
furiously funny pace 	UNK
it does n't make for great cinema , 	UNK
dare i say , entertaining 	UNK
scoob and shag do n't eat enough during the film . ' 	UNK
takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and 	UNK
feel ` stoked 	UNK
final whistle 	UNK
do n't think this movie loves women at all 	UNK
through the horrible pains of a death 	UNK
work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns 	UNK
but film buffs should get to know 	UNK
a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist 	UNK
it 's a pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative . 	UNK
can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something 	UNK
even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage . 	UNK
problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on . 	UNK
so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming . 	UNK
those farts got to my inner nine-year-old 	UNK
it 's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise . 	UNK
messenger 	UNK
illogic 	UNK
starts slowly , but adrien brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying . 	UNK
the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion 	UNK
this all works out 	UNK
shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits . 	UNK
festival 	UNK
, dumb action movie 	UNK
some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh 	UNK
holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot 	UNK
it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun 	UNK
magical enough 	UNK
is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors . 	UNK
an exquisite , unfakable sense 	UNK
fresh and raw like a blown-out vein 	UNK
a little wit 	UNK
sleek 	UNK
unmemorable filler . 	UNK
to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be 	UNK
just do n't really care too much about this love story . 	UNK
bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene . 	UNK
an exceptional thriller 	UNK
with all its botches 	UNK
a good ear for dialogue , 	UNK
's the gift of the magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene . 	UNK
is predictable 	UNK
who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- 	UNK
mawkish dialogue 	UNK
it 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness . 	UNK
it 's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary . 	UNK
cellophane-pop remake 	UNK
runs for only 71 minutes and 	UNK
every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . 	UNK
the surface histrionics 	UNK
, the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should . 	UNK
there 's nothing to gain from watching they . 	UNK
a pleasing way 	UNK
for veggietales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus . 	UNK
the only reason 	UNK
have to check your brain at the door 	UNK
damned wonderful 	UNK
resentment 	UNK
beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm 	UNK
if you like quirky , odd movies and/or the ironic , here 's a fun one . 	UNK
hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread 	UNK
promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili 	UNK
as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams 	UNK
blond honeys 	UNK
schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy 	UNK
'll enjoy this movie 	UNK
combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration . 	UNK
, is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema . 	UNK
a taste for the quirky 	UNK
extraordinary debut 	UNK
a life-affirming message 	UNK
in the long-winded heist comedy 	UNK
mean it 's good enough for our girls 	UNK
a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music 	UNK
... while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of shakespeare 's macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention . 	UNK
ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies 	UNK
roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph 	UNK
a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness 	UNK
stranded 	UNK
old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one 	UNK
the rare imax movie that you 'll wish 	UNK
you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer 	UNK
unromantic 	UNK
acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses . 	UNK
felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world 	UNK
inspiring , ironic , 	UNK
their children 	UNK
earns the right to be favorably compared to das boot . 	UNK
most impressive 	UNK
labyrinthine 	UNK
this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen . 	UNK
a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact . 	UNK
third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby 	UNK
overstated 	UNK
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and 	UNK
that puts another notch 	UNK
these things 	UNK
powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama 	UNK
trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed 	UNK
success 	UNK
things so nice 	UNK
` film aficionados can not help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director 's cut . ' 	UNK
no affinity for most of the characters 	UNK
on cue 	UNK
taken 	UNK
so-so , made-for-tv 	UNK
really funny movie 	UNK
gaining much momentum 	UNK
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and 	UNK
this mess 	UNK
why it works 	UNK
disappointed by a movie in a long time 	UNK
now here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made vittorio de sica proud . 	UNK
fun or energy 	UNK
offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film 	UNK
undeniably moving film 	UNK
was more diverting and thought-provoking 	UNK
that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just does n't have big screen magic 	UNK
layer of action man cliché atop wooden dialogue 	UNK
a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick 	UNK
watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , 	UNK
consistently sensitive and often exciting 	UNK
enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story 	UNK
articulates a flood of emotion . 	UNK
is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film 	UNK
too much exploitation and too little 	UNK
god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves 	UNK
his several silly subplots 	UNK
intelligent and deeply 	UNK
with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message 	UNK
meandering 	UNK
nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot 	UNK
bring on the battle bots , please 	UNK
imperfect ? 	UNK
attracts the young and fit 	UNK
kid-empowerment fantasy 	UNK
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and 	UNK
lazily and glumly 	UNK
shot on digital videotape rather than film 	UNK
odd drama 	UNK
inside the mess that is world traveler 	UNK
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , 	UNK
sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 	UNK
the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking 	UNK
it 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid . 	UNK
the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed 	UNK
takes the most unexpected material 	UNK
sly humor 	UNK
leftovers 	UNK
even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ... 	UNK
exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable 	UNK
the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic 	UNK
stomach-knotting suspense 	UNK
what sets ms. birot 's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents . 	UNK
her fearlessness 	UNK
an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` spy kids 2 ' is a visual treat for all audiences . 	UNK
is sorely lacking 	UNK
new or interesting 	UNK
address his own world war ii experience in his signature style 	UNK
go from stark desert 	UNK
confront it 	UNK
's something i would rather live in denial about 	UNK
the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging . 	UNK
rae 	UNK
stress ` dumb . 	UNK
suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected 	UNK
of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live 	UNK
the arguments 	UNK
still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival 	UNK
crass , contrived sequels 	UNK
fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere . 	UNK
emotionally at least ) 	UNK
are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters . 	UNK
eye-catching 	UNK
overwhelming waste 	UNK
the world 's most fascinating stories 	UNK
eloquently 	UNK
a cult favorite 	UNK
rather special 	UNK
good race 	UNK
amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l.a. 's show-biz and media 	UNK
enough laughs to sustain interest to the end 	UNK
( fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall ) show us the world they love and make 	UNK
methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain . 	UNK
really bad 	UNK
pitifully unromantic 	UNK
loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money 	UNK
wishy-washy 	UNK
carrying off a spot-on scottish burr , duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper . 	UNK
of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups 	UNK
darkly funny and frequently insightful 	UNK
essential 	UNK
, kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness . 	UNK
jeong-hyang lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying . 	UNK
seems as funny 	UNK
will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination . 	UNK
the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life . 	UNK
suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material . 	UNK
it tight and nasty 	UNK
enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls 	UNK
( dong ) makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that family fundamentals gets you riled up . 	UNK
is as padded as allen 's jelly belly 	UNK
a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows 	UNK
impossible to claim that it is `` based on a true story '' 	UNK
the bad things 	UNK
flaccid satire 	UNK
bolado credit for good intentions 	UNK
ca n't deny its seriousness and quality . 	UNK
as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream . 	UNK
her feature film 	UNK
best and 	UNK
happy times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it . 	UNK
you ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff . 	UNK
like most of jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but 	UNK
the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it 's far too sentimental . 	UNK
fantastic dual performance 	UNK
beautifully sung 	UNK
will be impressed by this tired retread 	UNK
the movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' 	UNK
that years and years of costly analysis could never fix 	UNK
... fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film . 	UNK
to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn 	UNK
to crack a smile at 	UNK
barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other . 	UNK
is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth 	UNK
its excellent storytelling , its economical 	UNK
misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress 	UNK
its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse 	UNK
marveled at disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows 	UNK
a sweet treasure and something 	UNK
laconic and 	UNK
but they do n't fit well together and neither is well told . 	UNK
is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families 	UNK
as a call for pity and sympathy 	UNK
of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic 	UNK
the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and 	UNK
director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill 	UNK
has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the girls ' big-screen blowout . 	UNK
pleasure to have a film like the hours as an alternative 	UNK
turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop 	UNK
neil burger here succeeded in 	UNK
graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake 	UNK
that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet 	UNK
ridiculous wig 	UNK
gorgeous 	UNK
to overcome my resistance 	UNK
near-masterpiece 	UNK
makes the movie fresh 	UNK
it 's better than the phantom menace . 	UNK
the connected stories of breitbart and hanussen are actually fascinating , 	UNK
crypt 	UNK
likely to leave a lasting impression 	UNK
its rather routine script 	UNK
this is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom . 	UNK
goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults 	UNK
and intermittently hilarious 	UNK
for this story to go but down 	UNK
like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock . 	UNK
, the rising place never quite justifies its own existence . 	UNK
of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum 	UNK
ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic 	UNK
to be somebody , and to belong to somebody 	UNK
the film is a pleasant enough dish . 	UNK
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , 	UNK
to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable 	UNK
joyless 	UNK
the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country 	UNK
certainly wo n't be remembered as one of ( witherspoon 's ) better films . 	UNK
best korean film 	UNK
should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it . 	UNK
drowns out the promise of the romantic angle . 	UNK
is silly beyond comprehension 	UNK
the movie could be released in this condition 	UNK
`` the dangerous lives of altar boys '' has flaws , but 	UNK
a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together 	UNK
by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil 	UNK
an overwhelmingly positive portrayal 	UNK
to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience 	UNK
a real filmmaker 's eye 	UNK
this makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture 	UNK
rap and r&b names 	UNK
brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema 	UNK
great performances 	UNK
( a ) wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting 	UNK
that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film . 	UNK
a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire 	UNK
forced funniness 	UNK
there is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract . 	UNK
is unfocused 	UNK
leather 	UNK
that the movie has virtually nothing to show 	UNK
does `` lilo & stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` mulan '' or `` tarzan . 	UNK
a stab 	UNK
poetry , passion , and genius 	UNK
what makes the movie special is its utter sincerity . 	UNK
digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . 	UNK
add up to a satisfying crime drama . 	UNK
settles into clichés 	UNK
keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over 	UNK
a fascinating literary mystery story 	UNK
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic 	UNK
jeff 's ) gorgeous 	UNK
of director abel ferrara 	UNK
a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to 	UNK
very entertaining 	UNK
nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself . 	UNK
has about 25 minutes of decent material 	UNK
give us a reason to be in the theater beyond wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances 	UNK
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , 	UNK
into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable 	UNK
burning , blasting , stabbing 	UNK
miscalculation 	UNK
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment 	UNK
that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school 	UNK
for two movies 	UNK
a dream image 	UNK
the sum of all fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) . 	UNK
with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat 	UNK
of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up 	UNK
slopped ` em together 	UNK
wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation 	UNK
a great premise but only a great premise 	UNK
rare film 	UNK
a heavyweight film 	UNK
sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and 	UNK
some unpaid intern had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine 	UNK
please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film . 	UNK
both thematic content and narrative strength 	UNK
the large cast is solid 	UNK
come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago 	UNK
to enjoy for a lifetime 	UNK
affectionately goofy satire 	UNK
are to ourselves and each other 	UNK
coupling disgracefully written dialogue 	UNK
crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level . 	UNK
there 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale . 	UNK
spent watching this waste of time . 	UNK
stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter . 	UNK
the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones 	UNK
scrap 	UNK
dialogue and inventive moments 	UNK
a cinematic poem 	UNK
rotten in almost every single facet of production 	UNK
in this case zero . 	UNK
its drastic iconography 	UNK
, the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , 	UNK
in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating 	UNK
a fairly slow paced , 	UNK
cinematic car wreck 	UNK
peculiar malaise 	UNK
full of the kind of energy it 's documenting 	UNK
can be considered work 	UNK
perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair 	UNK
psychological 	UNK
break free of her old life 	UNK
a fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man 	UNK
a gem of a movie 	UNK
it one of the best war movies ever made 	UNK
's smooth and professional 	UNK
`` interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into . 	UNK
a lovely trifle 	UNK
at the helm 	UNK
radiant 	UNK
the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock 's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal 	UNK
not as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted . 	UNK
marvelously entertaining 	UNK
saw that was written down 	UNK
depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived . 	UNK
the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . ' 	UNK
better to do with 94 minutes 	UNK
as do the girls ' amusing personalities 	UNK
i certainly ca n't recommend it 	UNK
pinheads who talk throughout the show 	UNK
is somewhat problematic 	UNK
finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore 	UNK
am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson . 	UNK
a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design 	UNK
less funny than it thinks it is 	UNK
no amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are ` german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable . 	UNK
belittle a cinema classic . 	UNK
explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children . 	UNK
has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day 	UNK
... there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages . 	UNK
of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing 	UNK
outdoes its spectacle . 	UNK
credible account 	UNK
traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at . 	UNK
collapses like an overcooked soufflé 	UNK
bumbling 	UNK
definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum . 	UNK
that made me want to scream 	UNK
real winner 	UNK
shaking your head all the way to the credits 	UNK
very talented young actors 	UNK
was , by its moods , and by its subtly 	UNK
a clarity of purpose and even-handedness 	UNK
ends up as a bitter pill 	UNK
love story 	UNK
puts an exclamation point 	UNK
topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights 	UNK
disturbing 	UNK
remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern . 	UNK
perfectly creepy and believable 	UNK
the project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting . 	UNK
say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world 	UNK
( davis ) wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters 	UNK
, insightfully human 	UNK
like ` praise the lord 	UNK
a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion 	UNK
high romance , 	UNK
the top of their lungs 	UNK
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy 	UNK
appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making 	UNK
breakthrough 	UNK
the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year 	UNK
watching your favorite pet get buried alive 	UNK
flat run 	UNK
is extremely funny , 	UNK
written for no one 	UNK
it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory 	UNK
the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile 	UNK
a definitive account of eisenstein 's life 	UNK
an entertainment destination 	UNK
overflowing 	UNK
it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest 	UNK
maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another 	UNK
has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool 	UNK
eye-catching art direction 	UNK
sons , loyalty and duty 	UNK
some fine acting 	UNK
the honor 	UNK
overcome its weaknesses 	UNK
parker displays in freshening the play 	UNK
better video-game-based flicks , 	UNK
making this character understandable , 	UNK
herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion 	UNK
that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock 	UNK
more chillingly effective 	UNK
the best-sustained ideas 	UNK
so special 	UNK
allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors 	UNK
as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves 	UNK
takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch 	UNK
the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment . 	UNK
the few ` cool ' actors 	UNK
as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them . 	UNK
a film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen . 	UNK
grand locations 	UNK
'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) 	UNK
bull 	UNK
more annoying 	UNK
ludicrous attempt 	UNK
's a cool event for the whole family 	UNK
is that it 's actually watchable 	UNK
boring and meandering . 	UNK
the right choice 	UNK
largely unfulfilling 	UNK
with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie 	UNK
ultimately winning story 	UNK
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions 	UNK
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success . 	UNK
a stale copy 	UNK
in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie 	UNK
the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version 	UNK
evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s . 	UNK
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and 	UNK
like a bad soap opera 	UNK
schnieder 	UNK
armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud . 	UNK
made by a proper , middle-aged woman . 	UNK
the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is . 	UNK
underdone potato 	UNK
me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work 	UNK
tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers 	UNK
most wondrously 	UNK
to place blame 	UNK
, and gently tedious in its comedy 	UNK
yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes . 	UNK
, sophisticated film 	UNK
hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old 	UNK
the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but 	UNK
used to burn every print of the film 	UNK
thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . 	UNK
are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life 	UNK
this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards . 	UNK
shifting in your chair too often 	UNK
struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them 	UNK
see a romance this smart 	UNK
insightful 	UNK
imitation 	UNK
so uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! '' 	UNK
, crowd-pleasing goals 	UNK
historic scandal 	UNK
the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone 	UNK
earnestness remarkably well 	UNK
equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are . 	UNK
off the path of good sense 	UNK
visually sloppy 	UNK
flakiness 	UNK
is still quite good-natured 	UNK
generic scripts 	UNK
a grand whimper 	UNK
scare the pants 	UNK
that disconnects every 10 seconds 	UNK
most ingenious film 	UNK
mildly interesting 	UNK
have to see it . 	UNK
exploits ( headbanger ) stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter . 	UNK
both deserve better . 	UNK
rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema . 	UNK
fun to watch 	UNK
repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery 	UNK
to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right 	UNK
recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around 	UNK
the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations 	UNK
a droll sense 	UNK
you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard 	UNK
so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money . 	UNK
scary and sad 	UNK
a film without surprise 	UNK
it 's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge . 	UNK
as its larger themes 	UNK
star performances 	UNK
endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else 	UNK
hyper-realistic 	UNK
like a spectator and not a participant 	UNK
for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while 	UNK
a philosophical visual coming right 	UNK
freshness and modesty 	UNK
often surprising 	UNK
plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting . 	UNK
because your nerves just ca n't take it any more 	UNK
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms . 	UNK
a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , 	UNK
if only it had the story to match . 	UNK
( frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment 	UNK
this is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but ayres makes the right choices at every turn . 	UNK
much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments ... 	UNK
might have guessed 	UNK
crafted film 	UNK
climax and , worst of all 	UNK
generosity and diplomacy 	UNK
is losing his touch 	UNK
relevant today 	UNK
it 's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here . 	UNK
the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities . 	UNK
some real vitality and 	UNK
drops the ball too many times 	UNK
both heartbreaking and 	UNK
indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens 	UNK
that its story just is n't worth telling 	UNK
directed it may leave you speaking in tongues 	UNK
local 	UNK
painfully flat 	UNK
if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness 	UNK
makes him the film 's moral compass 	UNK
it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it 	UNK
like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties 	UNK
distinguishes 	UNK
combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream . 	UNK
of the charm and little 	UNK
turn down a big bowl of that 	UNK
... standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added . 	UNK
the fans are often funny fanatics 	UNK
piercing intellect 	UNK
make the formula feel fresh 	UNK
satisfyingly unsettling 	UNK
a real snooze . 	UNK
so unabashedly hopeful 	UNK
resist his pleas 	UNK
's some outrageously creative action in the transporter ... ( b ) ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck 	UNK
as it is hard to resist 	UNK
ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction 	UNK
very real 	UNK
in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped 	UNK
small part thanks 	UNK
here 's a fun one . 	UNK
a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable 	UNK
mildly amusing 	UNK
wise and powerful 	UNK
skillfully assembled , highly polished and 	UNK
from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat 	UNK
filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life . 	UNK
make for some robust and scary entertainment 	UNK
does n't sustain a high enough level of invention 	UNK
parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature . 	UNK
one of the most interesting writer/directors working today 	UNK
too loud , too goofy 	UNK
art-house gay porn film 	UNK
school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters 	UNK
have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face 	UNK
feeble tootsie knockoff . 	UNK
most severe 	UNK
nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters . 	UNK
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum 's good intentions . 	UNK
for a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either . 	UNK
the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times 	UNK
the most watchable film of the year 	UNK
above-average brains 	UNK
the film has ( its ) moments , but 	UNK
overlong infomercial 	UNK
a visual spectacle 	UNK
is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction . 	UNK
unforced continuation 	UNK
both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters . 	UNK
, e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades . 	UNK
laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive . 	UNK
would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play 	UNK
an admirable storyteller 	UNK
of perversity , comedy and romance 	UNK
be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time 	UNK
have a good time here 	UNK
her share of the holiday box office pie 	UNK
unequivocally 	UNK
will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes 	UNK
is spectacular 	UNK
manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes 	UNK
zinger-filled crowd-pleaser 	UNK
the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction 	UNK
behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting . 	UNK
, the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels . 	UNK
astonish and 	UNK
photographed with color and depth , and rather a good time 	UNK
genial and 	UNK
minac drains his movie of all individuality 	UNK
carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance 	UNK
jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films 	UNK
be a passable date film 	UNK
in its own floundering way , it gets to you . 	UNK
one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while 	UNK
left slightly disappointed that it did n't 	UNK
williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile 	UNK
beginnings 	UNK
take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera 	UNK
anything sandler 	UNK
still committed to growth in his ninth decade 	UNK
about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying 	UNK
the film is way too full of itself ; 	UNK
patchy combination of soap opera 	UNK
ill-considered 	UNK
restate 	UNK
all this emotional misery 	UNK
fails 	UNK
even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be 	UNK
i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but 	UNK
unleashes his trademark misogyny 	UNK
is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable . 	UNK
absolutely and completely ridiculous 	UNK
's well worth spending some time with 	UNK
the unconditional love she seeks 	UNK
flop 	UNK
this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done . 	UNK
as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale 	UNK
most repugnant 	UNK
light-hearted way 	UNK
detached 	UNK
a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination 	UNK
is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience . 	UNK
, everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill . 	UNK
a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather 	UNK
of destruction 	UNK
rediscovers 	UNK
clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs 	UNK
exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation 	UNK
ethnic cleansing 	UNK
worth a peek 	UNK
support the premise other than fling gags at it 	UNK
the perfect material 	UNK
's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish . 	UNK
the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack 	UNK
a wretched movie 	UNK
, overused cocktail 	UNK
each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial 	UNK
does n't transcend genre 	UNK
combines two surefire , beloved genres 	UNK
far the worst movie 	UNK
finds warmth in the coldest environment and 	UNK
depressing than entertaining 	UNK
to include anything even halfway scary 	UNK
a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 	UNK
almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more 	UNK
the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say 	UNK
is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year 	UNK
wondrous 	UNK
want to crawl up your own *** in embarrassment 	UNK
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs 	UNK
there are moments of hilarity to be had . 	UNK
the halloween series has lost its edge 	UNK
morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick 	UNK
as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' 	UNK
mumbles his way through the movie . 	UNK
sustains it beautifully 	UNK
, a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential . 	UNK
betting her third feature will be something to behold 	UNK
uncinematic 	UNK
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . 	UNK
final , beautiful scene 	UNK
which fails to rise above its disgusting source material 	UNK
its élan 	UNK
dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated . 	UNK
is a total misfire . 	UNK
nothing 	UNK
a testament to the integrity and vision of the band 	UNK
like a travel-agency video 	UNK
has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player 	UNK
worth a look 	UNK
has much to learn 	UNK
is lightweight filmmaking 	UNK
it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television . 	UNK
perry 's good and his is an interesting character 	UNK
the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row 	UNK
might just be the movie you 're looking for . 	UNK
meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults 	UNK
genuinely bone-chilling 	UNK
that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies 	UNK
unusual , food-for-thought cinema 	UNK
is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen . 	UNK
psychological and philosophical 	UNK
about full frontal 	UNK
a dashing and absorbing outing with one of france 's most inventive directors 	UNK
ugly , mean-spirited lashing 	UNK
talented enough and 	UNK
from a severe case of hollywood-itis 	UNK
the very best of them 	UNK
thrills , 	UNK
's attracting audiences to unfaithful 	UNK
impressively delicate range 	UNK
starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop 	UNK
distinguished actor 	UNK
on their parents ' anguish 	UNK
pays off and is effective if you stick with it 	UNK
is n't particularly funny 	UNK
, joyous romp of a film . 	UNK
a stunning technical achievement 	UNK
squander jennifer love hewitt 	UNK
it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and 	UNK
new ways of describing badness 	UNK
invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow 	UNK
shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life . 	UNK
believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid 	UNK
to offend 	UNK
was hard for me 	UNK
extremely funny 	UNK
are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before . 	UNK
good news 	UNK
the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe 	UNK
of piffle 	UNK
liability 	UNK
coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes . 	UNK
oversexed , at times 	UNK
worth seeing 	UNK
grumbling 	UNK
tedious norwegian offering which somehow snagged an oscar nomination 	UNK
the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations 	UNK
borrows from other movies 	UNK
sardonic jolt 	UNK
which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities 	UNK
ca n't recommend it enough 	UNK
by the sick sense of humor 	UNK
vivid performances 	UNK
evokes a palpable sense 	UNK
law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed 	UNK
that this film 's cast is uniformly superb 	UNK
whatever complaints i might have 	UNK
the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few 	UNK
reef 	UNK
though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal 	UNK
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching 	UNK
take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche 	UNK
, i love it ... hell , i dunno . 	UNK
imagine o. henry 's the gift of the magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene . 	UNK
there 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes . 	UNK
a gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn jerusalem . 	UNK
so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight 	UNK
featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock . 	UNK
lot funnier 	UNK
self-indulgent and 	UNK
the filmmaking in invincible 	UNK
their luster 	UNK
cool visual backmasking 	UNK
slapped together . 	UNK
dupe 	UNK
was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz 	UNK
in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row 	UNK
incessant whining 	UNK
timid parsing 	UNK
change tables 	UNK
finely 	UNK
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` the french lieutenant 's woman 	UNK
, the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director phillip ) noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill . 	UNK
sustains interest 	UNK
chopsocky 	UNK
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots 	UNK
spirited away is a triumph of imagination 	UNK
twitchy acting 	UNK
doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers 	UNK
demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon 	UNK
enough gun battles and 	UNK
fun 	UNK
know as an evil , monstrous lunatic 	UNK
sadly imitative of innumerable 	UNK
most compelling performance 	UNK
then triple x marks the spot . 	UNK
mr. koshashvili is a director to watch . 	UNK
's in the action scenes that things fall apart 	UNK
a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama 	UNK
a movie about the power of poetry and passion 	UNK
ill-timed 	UNK
swill 	UNK
, the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny . 	UNK
a conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man 's right to raise his own children . 	UNK
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one 	UNK
caffeinated , sloppy 	UNK
he slaps together his own brand of liberalism 	UNK
shenanigans and 	UNK
bogs 	UNK
by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around . 	UNK
no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script . 	UNK
scuttled 	UNK
, the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours . 	UNK
most sincere and artful 	UNK
resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this 	UNK
is infectious . 	UNK
appreciated 	UNK
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama . 	UNK
the rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based 	UNK
symbolically , warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal . 	UNK
a photographic marvel of sorts , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community . 	UNK
gets violently gang-raped 	UNK
sit near the back 	UNK
should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing 	UNK
with sharp ears and eyes 	UNK
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market 	UNK
has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded 	UNK
to keep it interested 	UNK
to care about them 	UNK
outright bodice-ripper 	UNK
becomes increasingly implausible as it races 	UNK
a graceful , moving tribute 	UNK
every gag two or three times 	UNK
is a feast for the eyes . 	UNK
a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience 	UNK
oscar-worthy performance 	UNK
finally , the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first . 	UNK
the power of polanski 's film 	UNK
transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games . 	UNK
a joint promotion for the national basketball association and 	UNK
a changing world 	UNK
sick and demented 	UNK
still could have been room for the war scenes 	UNK
eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness 	UNK
reflects the worst of their shallow styles 	UNK
this is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet . 	UNK
superior 	UNK
succeed merrily at their noble endeavor . 	UNK
brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the south korean cinema . 	UNK
no way original , 	UNK
is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states 	UNK
genuinely inspirational 	UNK
a disturbing disregard 	UNK
a scruffy 	UNK
besides its terrific performances , is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching . 	UNK
in the worst elements of all of them 	UNK
hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film . 	UNK
under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women 	UNK
the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man 	UNK
if any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future 	UNK
despite lagging near the finish line 	UNK
most offensive action 	UNK
trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now 	UNK
hard for me 	UNK
is a remarkably accessible and haunting film 	UNK
is nicely shot , 	UNK
as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream 	UNK
nicks refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy . 	UNK
all the values of a straight-to-video movie 	UNK
well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark 	UNK
jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder 	UNK
laugh-out-loud 	UNK
a provocative 	UNK
it weirdly appealing 	UNK
verging on mumbo-jumbo 	UNK
form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life 	UNK
sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip 	UNK
what is missing from it 	UNK
plotting 	UNK
has a film used manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way . 	UNK
that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz 	UNK
prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design 	UNK
of crudup 's anchoring performance 	UNK
one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another 	UNK
goofiness 	UNK
but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted . 	UNK
the second half of the movie really goes downhill . 	UNK
moving and solidly entertaining 	UNK
it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story . 	UNK
that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions . 	UNK
is well crafted , and well executed . 	UNK
resurrection 	UNK
different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches 	UNK
decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him . 	UNK
after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults 	UNK
the best , 	UNK
involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film 	UNK
all of dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , 	UNK
found in almost all of his previous works 	UNK
truly excellent 	UNK
director to watch 	UNK
sharp and quick 	UNK
orgy 	UNK
warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it 	UNK
the magnificent jackie chan 	UNK
collapses 	UNK
, vapid and devoid 	UNK
by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious 	UNK
complain 	UNK
winning performances 	UNK
its love of life and beauty 	UNK
soulless and -- even more damning -- 	UNK
cold fish 	UNK
a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing 	UNK
the the wisdom and humor of its subjects 	UNK
the town has kind of an authentic feel 	UNK
entirely believable 	UNK
that old adage about women being unknowable 	UNK
have potential as a cult film 	UNK
is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly 	UNK
discomfort 	UNK
you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again 	UNK
totally overwrought , 	UNK
sunny disposition 	UNK
excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh 	UNK
makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases . 	UNK
awfulness 	UNK
ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band . 	UNK
lax and limp 	UNK
wisdom 	UNK
a paint-by-numbers picture 	UNK
does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence 	UNK
through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill 	UNK
i heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign 	UNK
nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film ... 	UNK
is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone 	UNK
is so resolutely 	UNK
hilariously , gloriously alive , and 	UNK
drawn-out 	UNK
true to its title 	UNK
glory days 	UNK
and often contradictory 	UNK
a stereotype 	UNK
puts a human face 	UNK
every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat 	UNK
, then by all means check it out . 	UNK
while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit 	UNK
sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours . 	UNK
too thin 	UNK
sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and 	UNK
wondering what all that jazz was about `` chicago '' in 2002 	UNK
as a tribute 	UNK
a brilliant college student -- where 's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ? 	UNK
of the conflict that came to define a generation 	UNK
richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings . 	UNK
will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act 	UNK
bump in the night and nobody 	UNK
has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores . 	UNK
this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... 	UNK
, the movie contains no wit , only labored gags . 	UNK
that are quite touching 	UNK
i liked about schmidt a lot , but i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed . 	UNK
graceless 	UNK
that annoying specimen 	UNK
two central performances 	UNK
' hanging over the film 	UNK
it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy 	UNK
are all in the performances , from foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster . 	UNK
affluence 	UNK
really , save your disgust and your indifference 	UNK
five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay 	UNK
joyous 	UNK
gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing . 	UNK
then blood work is for you . 	UNK
, frida gets the job done . 	UNK
the class warfare 	UNK
against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting 	UNK
a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years 	UNK
may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season 	UNK
their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle . 	UNK
lacks in eye-popping visuals 	UNK
ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity 	UNK
an equally miserable film 	UNK
its heartfelt concern about north korea 's recent past and south korea 's future 	UNK
so pat it makes your teeth hurt 	UNK
a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies . 	UNK
splash 	UNK
of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness 	UNK
both the scenic splendor 	UNK
i saw it as a young boy 	UNK
wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : 	UNK
you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear . 	UNK
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes 	UNK
starts out 	UNK
the situation in a well-balanced fashion 	UNK
which was shot two years ago 	UNK
becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities 	UNK
will keep coming 	UNK
you 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than leon ) . 	UNK
proves that director m. night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo . 	UNK
where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable . 	UNK
a total lack 	UNK
a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look 	UNK
the company 's astonishing growth 	UNK
of afghan tragedies 	UNK
languorous slo-mo sequences 	UNK
's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity . 	UNK
is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . 	UNK
offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory . 	UNK
picture-perfect life 	UNK
master class . 	UNK
junior-high 	UNK
finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise . 	UNK
rigid and evasive in ways 	UNK
billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse . 	UNK
a fine-looking film with a bouncy score 	UNK
promisingly 	UNK
the entire movie is in need of a scented bath . 	UNK
weirdo actor crispin glover 	UNK
takes its title all too literally . 	UNK
is loopy and ludicrous ... 	UNK
threatens 	UNK
there , done that 	UNK
who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents 	UNK
what makes the movie special 	UNK
the action looks fake 	UNK
blood work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood 's dirty harry period . 	UNK
maintaining consciousness just long enough 	UNK
difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting 	UNK
is so fascinating that you wo n't care . 	UNK
watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown . 	UNK
does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre 	UNK
a better movie 	UNK
monotone 	UNK
faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance 	UNK
's always enthralling . 	UNK
, another gross-out college comedy -- ugh . 	UNK
affirms 	UNK
gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand . 	UNK
formuliac , but fun . 	UNK
a quietly moving look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 . 	UNK
to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago 	UNK
well-done 	UNK
fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , james bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew 	UNK
dialogue and likeable characters 	UNK
part biography , part entertainment and part history 	UNK
, the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work . 	UNK
a rather dull , unimaginative car chase 	UNK
is nothing short of a great one . 	UNK
a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life 	UNK
is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater 	UNK
90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us 	UNK
confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation 	UNK
comedy ensemble 	UNK
throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` look at this ! 	UNK
brilliant movie 	UNK
too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience 	UNK
's stuffy and pretentious 	UNK
polished , 	UNK
works more often than it does n't . 	UNK
at least passably 	UNK
i also believe that resident evil is not it . 	UNK
seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other 	UNK
showing off his doctorate 	UNK
a delightful comedy 	UNK
anguish , anger and frustration 	UNK
at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself 	UNK
a patient viewer 	UNK
this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title . 	UNK
